While split into the light and dark towers, [[the Dragonguard]] discovered they had to resolve an elemental puzzle in order to conquer the challenge in the front of them. The light tower members had to direct sunlight in a central sphere, which both shone light into the dark graveyard and unlocked the dark tower’s mausoleum door. The dark tower members had to twist a magical sundial to will the sun to rise so they could effectively defeat the shrouded woman stalking them. It also unlocked the door in the light tower. After defeating the shrouded woman, Percy and [[Aksell]] noted that the woman seemed to have some of [[Keane]]’s abilities. She also wore a [[blood-siren]] pendant that slowly lost its red light once she was slain. They theorized that these [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] may have enthralled [[Keane]] and stolen some of his abilities. [[The Dragonguard]] left their towers, finding a key of a matching element materializing in their hands, and reunited. They learned they had been affecting one another’s tower rooms.

Before braving the next pair of towers, [[Noctema]] confirmed that they could see the [[blood-siren]] pulling her power from another soul, somewhere else. [[Noctema]] also noted that they seemed to be growing stronger. [[Accala]] explained that it seemed as though the [[dragons]] were growing in strength and size quicker the more [[dragons]] were in their midst. Additionally, [[Accala]] requested that [[Amalia]] crack open the soul remnant of her world’s [[Nerasang]] that [[Amalia]] had stored within the feline, for [[Accala]] felt a longing in her core when seeing [[Lumen]] and [[Noctema]] fly and hunt. [[Amalia]] agreed but could not muster the strength needed to crack the mighty soul remnant of [[Nerasang]]. The two agreed they would try again later when [[Amalia]] had restored her power.


[[The Dragonguard]] then braved the three remaining pairs of towers. In the fire and water towers, they found a burning kitchen with a knight-chef, and a stone chamber with a perpetually refilling pool of water, respectively. The water tower doused the kitchen by draining the water into the kitchen, while defeating the knight-chef cleared the flames from the stone chamber in the water tower. Percy and [[Aksell]] assumed this [[blood-siren]] held Graham as a thrall. The lightning and ice chambers offered a set of towers in a perpetual storm with a [[blood-siren]] archer, and a frozen cavern with melting ice gemstones, respectively. [[Vespello]] used his Doomshatter spell to shatter the mind of the archer immediately, removing lightning from the frozen chamber. The members in the frozen cavern restimulated the ice magic in the melting crystals to freeze the storm and shatter the ice in the lightning tower. After hearing a description of the [[blood-siren]], [[Aksell]] and Percy did not recognize archery as a specialty in their group, but the yellow tunic seemed to match [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]]’s style. In the final pair of earth and wind, they found a forest glade coated in a pollen cloud protected by a female enchantress, and a windy plain with metal turbines directing the power of the wind, respectively. The wind members turned the turbines to blow away the pollen in the opposite tower. The earth members braved the haze and defeated the sentinel in the glade. The [[blood-siren]] in the glade had clearly enthralled [[Talisman]]. 

On the elemental halo outside [[Jack]]’s manor, [[Allunaris]], speaking through the book and [[Vespello]], wished to speak to [[Celeste]]. Generally, he did not ask permission before speaking to the group at large. The two had a silent conversation before the book slammed shut. [[Celeste]] informed the group that [[Allunaris]] had felt that strange network of familiar magic that had reached out to her recently. [[Allunaris]] sensed [[Doom magic]] in the network, and while the rest of the network sources all had different voices, the [[Doom magic]] portion always had the same source. He theorized that [[Doom magic]] was perhaps a singularity in the multitude of worlds. The [[Founders|Founder]] remnant wondered if, perhaps, that [[Doom magic]] here pulled from the same plane as [[Doom magic]] in another world.

After clearing all eight towers, [[the Dragonguard]] held a key for each of the [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] elements…