[[The Dragonguard]] successfully found all five of [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]]’s magic presence and freed them from their décor prisons. With [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]]’s presence freed, the house itself was not as effective at protecting [[Jack]]’s housekeeper. [[The Dragonguard]] defeated the [[blood-siren]] and used her enchanted feather duster to compile the shards containing [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]]. The shards warped into the shape of [[Aksell]]’s old ally, [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]].

[[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] spoke as if she already knew [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], asking what stage of the plan she was on. After catching [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] up, she revealed that she was in fact a member of the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] House and had been assigned to procure the Helixbreaker relics [[Nizima]]’s allies were collecting. [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] explained her full name was [[Jemma Navitas]], as she was a Mageroness pact-bound to a [[Diligence Spirit|Spirit of Diligence]]. 

[[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] informed the group that they still had the library, kitchens, and conservatory to explore. The group surmised that perhaps dispelling each area was causing the gargoyles to move aside from blocking the main hall above. [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] left to join [[Talisman]] in the courtyard. 

While in the foyer, [[Wren]] investigated the gargoyles blocking the way. She asked if they reminded the group of anything, a leading question to say they were very bat-like, much like the designs in [[Atrae]]. The group began to form theories on why [[Jack]]’s manor would have [[blood-siren]] iconography, if his alliance with the subspecies was even recent at all. 

Before venturing to the next area, [[Amalia]] successfully cracked opened the fragment of her world’s Nersang’s soul sealed with [[Accala]]. This empowered [[Accala]] to shapeshift her tail into a draconic, scaled tail of purple and black scales. [[Amalia]]’s power was depleted for the time being, but [[Accala]] hoped they could further release the soul over time.

[[The Dragonguard]] ventured toward the conservatory first, finding a much different interior design. It was as if [[Jack]] never ventured into the relaxing conservatory featuring a grand piano. [[Akalar]] was drawn to the piano and played a song he heard from his father just once, *Shade I’ll Never See*. [[Akalar]] remembered that he only played this once, after Siralka was born. He wondered if his father regretted that he was not the man he should’ve been for his children. 

As if drawn out from the song, Maestro’s egg within [[Akalar]]’s satchel began to hatch, and a [[Dragons|dragon]] of bronze scales and wood-colored spikes and horns emerged. Maestro’s eyes were chromatic and ever-changing. Through [[Accala]], they voiced their desire to write a beautiful “symphony” with [[Akalar]] on their journey together. They hummed chords in satisfaction as they and [[Akalar]] bonded. 

Before leaving, [[Lumen]] wagered a guess that [[Celeste]] had possibly formed a magical link, similar to the one between the two of them, with someone else. They theorized that this may have been the magic contact that tried to reach her recently. 

Next, [[the Dragonguard]] ventured into the kitchens to hopefully find Graham. They found a large kitchen, and [[Aksell]] noted in particular that some of the cookware was bronze in color, a favorite of Graham’s. Nearly instantly, an enchanted (or transmuted) dumbwaiter shouted orders at the group, saying they needed to get to cooking to appease [[Jack]]. [[The Dragonguard]] haphazardly cooked the requested dishes, sending them up to the main hall through the dumbwaiter. Through much effort, the group successfully fulfilled the orders, though it seemed cooking was not their specialty. 

After closing down the kitchen and reuniting the scattered cookware, a jovial [[half-elf]] materialized out of them. Graham stood, his lightheartedness unwavering, and wrapped Percy and [[Aksell]] in a tight embrace. The two of them caught their friend up, and Graham lamented that they looked too lean. He offered to work on a nice meal for the entire team and agreed to join [[Talisman]] and [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] in the courtyard. 

In the foyer, only the two gargoyles blocking the main hall on the second floor stood in [[the Dragonguard]]’s way.

[[Noctema]] finally spoke with their own voice, explaining to [[Vespello]] that they have continued studying the [[ebonyborn]] wraiths roaming everywhere in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. It seemed that something was holding them anchored to the world, perhaps the [[Doom magic]]. They suggested that even if they could not be returned to full life, the two of them should be able to find a way to put them at rest, at the very least. They advised the group to keep in mind opportunities to learn more about [[Doom magic]], perhaps even from [[Allunaris]]’s remnant, or his son, [[Ronotte]]. 

Before the group could delve into the library under the stairwell, [[Mirina]] appeared herself, warping the torchlight to pink as she did. She assured her patrons that she was still searching for a way to reach her father’s stronghold, thanking them again for the gift of the ship. 

The Daughter of [[The Red Inquisitor|the Inquisitor]] also provided a lot of intel about recent events in the Magerony, as she was summoned back home for a mandatory vote of a group she called the “Conclave”. She said she generally skipped votes, but that if she skipped required summons, it would draw too much attention. 

She explained the first vote was to use a lot of blood stores to reawaken [[Ager]] fully. A steady supply was already being provided to them, as it appeared wherever they were sealed was trying to pull them back, but the large spell that the Conclave approved fully freed them. The second vote was to reinstate [[Calathan]] as a [[Nizima]], as he was disowned after his failure to retake [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] in the time of the Ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]. [[Mirina]] revealed that she and her father had their own, well-respected House, [[The Red Inquisitor|the Inquisitor]] House. She wasn’t sure why everyone respected theirs so strongly, but that was something she intended to find out at her father’s stronghold. She finished her story by wondering how much longer there would even be votes for things like this back home.

She took some requests for requisitions for her next visit and vanished in her usual flash of pink magic.

The group continued down toward the library under the stairwell, already sensing strong, dark magic within. When they entered, they saw another sunblot ritual being performed by several dark mages. A transformed mara [[blood-siren]] in a frenzy protected the mages. Beyond the ritual, [[the Dragonguard]] saw a woman with white hair, a mage coat, and a hand adornment with a glowing blue gemstone. The woman appeared to be the councilor, but she was being held prisoner by bloody, enchanted chains. [[Wren]] warned the group to tread carefully with the transformed [[blood-siren]], as she was in a frenzy…