Just outside the gates of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], [[Vespello]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]] egg hatched at last. It hatched into the iridescent [[Dragons|dragon]], [[Noctema]]. [[Noctema]], speaking through [[Accala]], explained they were of [[Ager]]’s line, and felt great sadness over what their ancestors had done to [[Vespello]]’s people. They explained their powers of “sight”, allowing them to see realms between, even lingering souls and remnants. [[Noctema]] offered some hope that perhaps the [[Night Fae]] were not lost entirely, and that they would keep their eyes out for these lingering remnants on their journey. [[Noctema]] also alerted [[Amalia]] that she had the Marked by Silver spell placed upon her as well, but that the caster of the spell had lost control over it. The group theorized that perhaps the [[Nizima]] of [[Amalia]]’s world had cast the spell, but it was now powerless since she had moved planes. 

In [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], [[the Dragonguard]] noticed the heightened presence of both Navigan knights and mages, as well as Crown knights and mages. They resupplied in the city, finding the populace treating them in high regard, then made their way to [[Dieter]]’s palace. On the way in, [[Corvus]] mentioned some concerns with his father making moves, considering [[Mirina]]’s activity back home.

The group found [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], [[Lhant]], and [[Sarin Kor]] awaiting them in the tower. They spoke with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] first, learning that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] herself was in town, and that she brought the Crown’s and [[Amanta]]’s fleet waiting to the south to flank the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], as well as a fleet of the dwarven submersibles. According to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] herself intended to join the battle at sea once it began. Hesitant, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] mentioned that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] had offered her and her entire court asylum and citizenship to [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. Alongside this offer, she offered [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] a councilor position as well. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was unsure, given her own hesitancy of her own power, but agreed with [[the Dragonguard]] that it would show goodwill to Magerons that were perhaps not as lost to hatred. [[The Dragonguard]] also noticed [[Korrin]]’s journal nearby, open and spewing light and magic. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained she had found a memory hidden within, likely the key to decrypting a powerful spell within, but that the memory was a jumbled mess. She said she would continue working to decipher it.

Next, the group spoke to [[Sarin Kor]], who had learned about [[Flourish|Grace]]’s power to transmute certain raw materials. He offered a concoction that would hopefully awaken these powers within [[the Dragonguard]]. They offered the researcher more materials to study, but he said he would learn little from the same materials. They thanked him, and [[Sarin Kor]] went on his way.

They then met with the impatient [[Lhant]], who was poring over maps of [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] planning the next mission. After discussing the options, the group decided to travel alongside [[Lhant]] and his three-dozen-strong Mageron company along the coast with Mageron mounts. Once at the city, they would brave the waterway to get into the city itself to assault [[Jack|Archmage Jack]]’s tower. [[Lhant]] also advised them that [[Jack]] was a master of the [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] elemental magic, so they should expect dangerous spells and traps. [[Aksell]] closed the meeting by providing descriptions for each of his old squad still in [[Jack]]’s clutches: [[Keane]], Graham, [[Talisman]], and [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]]. After saying their goodbyes to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Corvus]], [[the Dragonguard]] left for the northern gate to rendezvous with [[Lhant]]’s company.

The Mageron company had oversized panthers, all bearing saddles and saddlebags. [[Lhant]] explained they were native to the Mageron island, and that they were altered by [[Founders|the Founders]] for speed, strength, and power. They provided [[the Dragonguard]] some of the panthers to ride and set out along the coast.

On the way, [[Lhant]] discussed some of his past. He explained that once Magerons reach a certain power, they can try to make a pact with a demon or spirit for more power. [[Lhant]] said it was a dangerous process, which could sometimes end in the spirit or demon completely overtaking the pact-maker. Since he had formed a pact with a Pride Demon, he gained the surname Vanite. He explained these more ranks than bloodlines, like [[Agianile]] or [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]]. These families had powerful bloodline powers they passed down. [[Lhant]] concluded by adding that he was 72 years old, and he recalled following the events of the [[Third Doom]] in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] in his schooling.

As the group came to a stop to rest for the evening, one of the panthers took a keen interest in [[Vespello]]. [[Lhant]] explained that the panthers themselves chose their companions, and that [[Vespello]] could prove his worth if he wished to take the panther as a companion. [[Vespello]] agreed, mounted the panther with no saddle, and used his masterful dexterity to hold on while the panther bolted and jumped across the beach at full speed. Once the panther was satisfied, she let [[Vespello]] disembark. [[Lhant]] congratulated [[Vespello]] and said the panther’s name was Dusk. As [[Vespello]] pet Dusk, she bit his hand, not out of a desire to do harm, but to extract the venom still flowing through [[Vespello]]’s veins. The panther pulled the rot from his blood and spat out a congealed crystal pulsing with [[Doomrot]]. [[Vespello]] used the awakened power from [[Sarin Kor]]’s concoction to disintegrate the crystal into [[Flourish|Grace]] mist. 

[[Aksell]] found himself examining [[Borum]]’s skull that had found its way back to him. He could sense magic sending out infrequent pulses. As he lowered the skull, he spotted a dark skiff on the water, silhouettes emerging from it. [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] of the original sect were creeping up to the beach to ambush the group. [[The Dragonguard]] and the Magerons drew their weapons and faced their assailants. They eventually emerged victorious, theorizing that they were perhaps after [[Borum]]’s skull. [[Aksell]] found a small crystal that [[Amalia]] could sense only a fraction of a soul fragment contained within. It was impossible to commune with as it was not whole. Uneasy, the group settled in for a not-so-peaceful rest.

The next day, the Magerons requested a song from the famous [[Akalar]]. [[Akalar]] obliged, playing a sad ballad. [[Lhant]] spoke of the magic as if he was in awe, finding [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] magic much more beautiful than Mageron. He said he hoped [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] would accept [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s offer. Something he noticed interrupted his sentence, but he would not explain and rode ahead. At nearly the same time, [[Akalar]] felt a strange magic within, but he could not place it. 

[[Lumen]] returned from a hunt in the Labyrinth Forest and requested [[Celeste]] speak of a good quality of each of her teammates, aloud. [[Celeste]] was hesitant at first, but [[Lumen]] insisted, saying it would strengthen their “fleet”. [[Celeste]] agreed and spoke kindly of each of her teammates. Seemingly pleased, [[Lumen]] flew off yet again to hunt in the foreboding forest…