While shrunk, [[the Dragonguard]] battled against the also miniature [[Keane]] and the food abominations, all while doing their best to evade [[Jack]]’s attacks. While fighting, the silverware began to speak to [[Aksell]], saying they had been transformed for so long and that they wished to help. [[Wren]] suggested combining their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic into the silverware and throwing it toward [[Jack]], possibly using enough of [[Flourish|Grace]]’s inherent dispelling effects to break the transmutation spells. After the group successfully catapulted enough [[Flourish|Grace]] missiles at [[Jack]], his spell began to crack. He summoned one last explosion of elemental magic that seemed to backfire on himself, causing a massive explosion of chromatic, elemental magic. Wisps of elemental light drifted through the room as [[the Dragonguard]] was returned to size and tended to their wounds. 

While the dust settled, [[Noctema]] asked [[Vespello]] if he wished to see through their own eyes for a moment. He agreed, and his vision transferred over to [[Noctema]], allowing him to see the ethereal visions [[Noctema]] could. He saw an [[ebonyborn]] remnant, nearly shapeless, drifting through the hall. When [[Vespello]] tried to interact with it, it warped into 8 black flames that then flew toward a mystic charm left behind from [[Jack]]’s wizard hat. The spell broke, and [[Vespello]] returned to his own vision. It was fairly clear to him that it was very possible the mystic charm [[Jack]] had on his hat was an [[ebonyborn]] relic. Whether or not [[Jack]] “earned” it was still unclear. 

[[Accala]] spoke to the group next, saying some of [[Nerasang]]’s memories were beginning to seep through. She recalled, through [[Nerasang]], that in hers and [[Amalia]]’s world, when [[Founders|the Founders]] cast the [[Drop of Creation]], instead of jumping into the abyss to claim power, their [[Allunaris]] jumped in to defend the world against [[Doom Magic|Doom]] leaking in. Their [[Allunaris]] kept that void sealed. [[Nizima]] would frequently ask [[Allunaris]] to let him in, just for a moment, but [[Allunaris]] frequently denied his request. It seemed their world’s [[Nizima]] only took no for an answer for so long. 

[[Akalar]] heard Maestro’s voice for the first time, a rhythmic, singsong one. Maestro told [[Akalar]] they were ready to compose beautiful music alongside him. They will strive to be better, even though they would never know their ancestors or their heroic actions. They knew even [[Aurion]] was no [[The Dragonguard|paragon]] themselves, so Maestro would strive to be greater.

While checking on [[Keane]], [[Aksell]] found no apparent injuries, and [[Keane]] was still breathing. Just then, [[Wren]] alerted the group as she looked up at the elemental wisps. She warned that the phylactery was still there. [[Jack]]’s form began to rematerialize from the elemental wisps, sending out a blast of elemental energy, partially shattering the hall to reveal the open air without. [[Jack]]’s reshaping form conjured various elemental shields to protect himself while he reformed, but it also dropped elemental wells on levitating stone remnants.

[[Lumen]] reached out to [[Celeste]] to ask if assistance was needed, for they sensed a surge of great darkness among the other elements. [[Celeste]] replied affirmatively, and [[Lumen]] burst into the half-destroyed hall moments after, ready for battle.

[[Jack]]’s form shielded itself with various elements, and [[the Dragonguard]] found that they could surge their own equipment with the emitted wells of elemental power to negate the shields. The group destroyed each elemental shield, but [[Jack]]’s reformation was complete enough. He was reformed into a form of pure elemental energy adorned with [[blood-siren]] wings and horns, befit his true [[blood-siren]] form.

More energy surged from [[Jack]], destroying even more of the main hall and causing the levitating building itself to begin to hurtle toward the earth. [[Lhant]] and [[Wren]] paired up, using [[Wren]]’s airborne, [[blood-siren]] form to leave the battle and assist their other allies and [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] mages to the ground safely. [[Jack]] shouted that he had another chance at life, and that if he were to fall, [[the Dragonguard]] would come with him. He brandished his elemental powers as [[the Dragonguard]] readied their weapons yet again.

 [[The Dragonguard]] found that their bodies were more attuned to the elements, gaining even more benefit from the elemental wells [[Jack]] was dropping. Throughout the battle, [[Jack]] surged with different elements, which [[the Dragonguard]] countered by surging their own gear with their opposites as they gracefully maneuvered through the ruined, falling battlefield. After [[the Dragonguard]] proved that the Archmage had met his match, [[Jack]] grew reckless and began to surge with volatile magic from each element. [[The Dragonguard]] answered with a surge of their own, of [[Flourish|Grace]] magic. The glowing beams, arcs, and blasts of the powerful energy destroyed [[Jack]], ending his reign of tyranny for good this time.

The manor continued to fall, but with the Mage Order below, freshly rescued, they pooled their strength to slow the fall of [[Jack]]’s manor. [[Hadria]] especially summoned gargantuan stalagmites of ice for the manor to nestle upon. Once it had slowed to a stop, [[Wren]] flew into the ruined main hall, ready to either destroy or absorb another phylactery. It seemed, however, that the phylactery was already destroyed. The group surmised that [[Jack]] used it himself, possibly because of his blood relation to [[Nicoletta]]. [[Wren]] had a look of disappointment, but the group’s mission was successful. [[Wren]] lamented the fate of her own kind, wondering how they could even exist in the world if this is what they wrought upon it. [[The Dragonguard]] spoke words of encouragement the best they could. The group then climbed down the rubble of the manor to regroup with their allies, [[Aksell]] rushing to his old team.

 [[Aksell]] rushed to [[Keane]], who had regained consciousness, but was quite weary and frail. [[Keane]] was flabbergasted by how far [[Aksell]] had come, from the lonely [[dragonborn]] child stealing food from stalls not a few streets down, to a fully-fledged, soon-to-be hero of legend. [[Keane]] coughed up blood then took [[Aksell]] by the hand. He told [[Aksell]] he had always planned for him to take over the crew, but [[Aksell]] had far surpassed even that plan. [[Keane]] looked distant for a moment, then confirmed to himself that the old crew, and even [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], would be in good hands. He drew [[Aksell]] closer and told him that nothing was ordained by blood. In all his years, through all the crises [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] had faced during his lifetime, heroes of all shapes, sizes, creeds, and backgrounds always rose to the occasion. [[Keane]] finished his last words to [[Aksell]] by saying, “I go peacefully into the shadow’s embrace knowing that my boy, born in those shadows, has risen to the same occasion.” [[Keane]] grip weakened as he passed, revealing in [[Aksell]]’s palm his real, genuine lucky coin, worn from incessant rubbing over the years. [[Aksell]] lowered [[Keane]] to the ground, verbally recognizing the man as his true father.

After [[Keane]] passed, [[Aksell]]’s squad began to question what happened next. Percy declared his desire to stay in [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] and help settle the city, to finally help it in an official manner. In fact, he always dreamed of joining the Knight Order. He hesitantly asked [[Aksell]] if he could put in a good word to [[Hadria]], to which [[Aksell]] readily agreed. [[Hadria]] heard her name and stepped over, immediately agreeing to the proposal, even taking Percy at once to meet the Knight-Captain. As Percy said his goodbyes, he warned [[Aksell]] to stay safe now that he wouldn’t be watching his back.

[[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] added that she would clearly return to [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] with the group, to rejoin the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court. In the same Navigan vein, Graham mentioned he always dreamed of working the Deep-Sea House. It just so happened that [[the Dragonguard]] was owed a very personal favor from the head chef from the beginning of their journey, so Graham would journey back with them as well. 

[[Talisman]] was last, awkwardly looking around. She seemed fidgety. She finally stated she didn’t wish to just retire to a normal job after what they’d been through. Just having a taste of supporting a real group of heroes wasn’t enough. She formally asked to accompany [[the Dragonguard]] as their company, providing any assistance she could. [[Aksell]] agreed but warned her of the danger. She brushed it off and seemed proud to be a part of something bigger. 

[[Hadria]], exhausted from her imprisonment and magic expended, bid her farewells to the group. She explained that she would clearly have to stay here and see [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] put back in order. The councilor lamented she wouldn’t get to shatter the [[blood-siren]] fleet alongside them. She added, though, that when the weaselly [[Founders|Founder]] finally showed his face, she would be there to back them up with her mages. [[Hadria]] stated that, in fact, she would likely step down from the councillorship to reclaim the Archmage title. If her oversight led to all this, she figured she needed to slow down and learn more. 

[[Lhant]] said his farewells, for the time being, as he and some of his Mageron company would also remain to settle [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]]. One of his scouts arrived with a missive, as well, stating that the [[blood-siren]] fleet near [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] had begun to move. Before they set off, [[Lhant]] asked the group to keep an eye on [[Sovier]] so that she wouldn’t do anything *too* reckless with him not there to watch over her. 

[[The Dragonguard]] rendezvoused with the small contingent of [[Lhant]]’s company, mounted the Mageron panthers, and set off toward [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]].


As they traveled, [[Accala]] spoke to the group, asking how [[Amalia]]’s staff could possibly summon a brief wind from the seven [[Founders]] to empower [[Amalia]]’s attacks, when at least one was confirmed dead, and two others were “dealt with”. The group theorized the possibilities, and [[Accala]] asked if this [[Mirina]] and [[The Red Inquisitor|Red Inquisitor]] were related to [[Founders|the Founders]]. The group figured it was possible, but they didn’t know for sure.

On the last leg of their journey back, [[Allunaris]]’s remnant wished to speak to [[Vespello]]. He asked [[Vespello]]’s opinion on what he did to the [[Night Fae]]. [[Vespello]] stated his obvious disdain for the man and his actions, given his people were no longer even walking this earth, at least as they should. [[Allunaris]] asked a hypothetical, how else could he have tested this new, unknown power to make sure his own people would be safe? He was clearly trying to make himself sound like the reluctant hero, but [[Vespello]] wasn’t buying it. [[Vespello]] spat back that he treated his people as test experiments. [[Allunaris]] sighed and said that he hoped in time [[Vespello]] would understand.

As [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] and the waters beyond came into view on the horizon, [[the Dragonguard]] saw [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]’s meager fleet getting into formation to brace against the impending ships bearing the blood drop of [[Atrae]]. A wall of white flames appeared on the surface of the water as the group raced toward the city, [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] using her magic to delay the fleet as long as she could. 

As [[the Dragonguard]] approached the city gate’s, [[Aksell]]’s pack began to shake, and [[Inavix]]’s egg cracked…