[[The Dragonguard]] drew their weapons and battles against the blood-frenzied mara [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], all while trying to dispel the sunblot spell the dark ritualists were performing. Some of [[the Dragonguard]] held off the mara while the others dispatched the ritualists. Once they were all defeated, [[Wren]] retrieved the [[Morning Fae]] brain from the cauldron of blood. [[Celeste]] called on her own light magic to dispel and free the remains. When she did so, she faltered briefly. [[Lumen]] reached out magically to ask of her condition. They explained that, for a brief moment, [[Celeste]] vanished entirely, as if her presence was simply gone for a brief second. 

Outside, the sunblot spell was expunged, though [[Jack]]’s shadowy rain still blanketed the city. The group freed [[Hadria]] from the chains holding her down, then imbued their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic into the conduit plinths the ritualists used. It sent a burst of magic out that dispelled [[Jack]]’s transmutation magic from the anguished books, transforming them back into some of the missing mages of the Mage Order. [[Hadria]] rushed to help those she could while [[the Dragonguard]] tended to their wounds.

[[Hadria]] formally introduced herself, explaining that she was once the Archmage of [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] at a young age. After she dealt with the criminal councilor of [[Locations/Matar/Merca/index|Merca]], [[Goldtooth]], she was chosen to be the next councilor. She voiced regret, wondering if all this was her own fault, for she chose [[Jack]] as her replacement years ago. [[Hadria]] explained he was also a young prodigy like herself, and they shared a mentor. In those near 10 years since, however, he seems to not have aged at all. [[Hadria]] began to tend to the mages for whom she still seemed to harbor responsibility and care. [[The Dragonguard]] made their way back to the foyer, where [[Hadria]] would meet up with them shortly.

On their way, Maestro, through [[Accala]], asked [[Akalar]] his view on a question. They asked if [[Akalar]] wished he had never had a father at all, since his father was abusive. If having not known a parental figure was better than having a bad one. [[Akalar]] answered that if it were not for how his father was, he would not be the man he was today, that even the valleys in the music of life work in symphony with the high notes to create a beautiful piece. Maestro seemed to understand, explaining that they would never know their ancestors, after all. 

[[Hadria]] and Graham arrived in the foyer simultaneously, Graham seemingly awestruck by [[Hadria]]. [[Hadria]] seemed to hatch an idea, asking if the gardens were secure. She explained that they could lace herbs into [[Jack]]’s three courses, possibly nullifying three elements from his repertoire. The group agreed and sent Graham to gather their three requested herbs. 

As they waited, [[Aksell]] pulled out [[Borum]]’s skull which still haunted him. He then requested that [[Vespello]] retrieve [[Allunaris]]’s book. [[Vespello]] hesitantly agreed, and [[Aksell]] opened it to allow the skull and the book to converse. [[Borum]]’s voice echoed from the skull, offering pathetic compliments to the [[Founders|Founder]]’s remnant. [[Allunaris]] ignored [[Borum]], instead turning his attention to [[Aksell]]. He seemed impressed by [[Aksell]], saying his powers were not that far from [[Allunaris]]’s specialty. The [[Founders|Founder]] remnant offered [[Aksell]] a deal in the future, possibly at odds with what [[Ronotte]] had in mind for [[Aksell]]. [[Aksell]] promised nothing, but as a sign of good faith, [[Allunaris]] silenced [[Borum]]’s skull before retreating to the book. [[Vespello]] agreed to let [[Aksell]] hold onto the book for the time being. 

[[Hadria]] continued her plan, saying they could disguise themselves as thralls, enthralling themselves to [[Wren]]. They agreed, [[Wren]] enthralled them, and [[Akalar]], [[Aksell]], and [[Vespello]] took up the three prepared dishes. The group donned their thrall uniforms and made their ascent to the main hall, the gargoyles now moved aside from the double doors.

Inside the main hall, the group found [[Jack]] discussing plans with some [[blood-siren]] Knight-Lieutenants. [[Keane]] also sat semi-unconscious near [[Jack]]. Light blue torches and a fireplace burned through the hall. [[Wren]] boasted about having defeated [[the Dragonguard]], but that they had lost some [[blood-siren]], which [[Jack]] hand-waved. 

As the three [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] fed [[Jack]] each course, they had to taste-test them, upsetting their own elemental balance. The food kept [[Jack]] preoccupied, however, and the party learned several things from him. The plan was for [[Jack]] and the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] to also take over [[Locations/Matar/Merca/index|Merca]] alongside the fleet moving in on [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], thereby rendering the last city, [[Dracen]], virtually surrounded. He added that the “higher ups” preferred Knight-Captain [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] be taken alive, but he doubted they would mind very much if he was somehow lost in the struggle. 

After the second course, [[Jack]] explained that [[Calathan]] had been providing more Ivoryborn remains to create sunblot spells all over the east, as that region was promised to them. The Knight-Lieutenants asked [[Jack]] if he knew who would be placed in charge of each city, and [[Jack]] clearly fabricated an answer to appear knowledgeable. He claimed he would be placed in charge of [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] and [[Locations/Matar/Merca/index|Merca]], while Sasha would be given [[Locations/Matar/Inferna/index|Inferna]], and [[Lucia|Knight-Captain Lucia]] would be given [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. The Knight-Lieutenants seemed displeased. 

After the third and final course, the ruse was up. [[Jack]] told the Knight-Lieutenants he would put in a good word to “mother” for their accomplishments. [[Wren]]’s eyes widened at the statement, realizing [[Jack]] was not only the son of [[Nicoletta]], but a [[blood-siren]] himself, and [[Jack]] began to scrutinize her. Before he could speak, he coughed and tried to summon his eight elemental powers, three of them fizzling out. He then examined and counted the thralls [[Wren]] brought and lurched to his feet in anger. With a flash of blue light, the party was transformed into miniature size and dumped onto the table. [[Keane]] was as well, and he brandished his blades with a red blot in his eyes; he was enthralled. The Knight-Lieutenants silently exited the chamber, ignored by [[Jack]].

As abominated food creatures began to emerge from the discarded plates of stir-fry, [[Jack]] loomed over the table, an evil grin on his face…