[[The Dragonguard]] entered the rainy streets, braving the enemy terrain with [[Ager]]’s piercing gaze scanning the city. As they traversed the tight streets, [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], elemental traps, and [[Ager]]’s introspective, torturing sight all proved to be obstacles. When [[Ager]]’s gaze moved over them, they would each see strange visions of betrayal, evil, or even past regrets. Some visions seemed to be impossible to have happened. Nonetheless, [[the Dragonguard]] persisted, defeated the gargoyles protecting the Mage Order, and reprogrammed them to seal the complex with them inside. A shield of [[Flourish|Grace]] magic appeared over the complex, protecting them from [[Ager]]’s sight. Their voice rumbled in their minds as they began to fly off. They said, “The stars have not aligned in your favor”, “This has been ordained in the infinite”, and “Abide the return.” 

Upon hearing the last phrase, [[Amalia]] remembered that in her own timeline, this was a phrase [[Nizima]] would mumble under his breath from time to time, only to shake his head as if clearing away a daydream. 

On their way to the main tower of the Mage Order, they found not a soul within the complex. [[Noctema]], speaking through [[Accala]], mentioned that they could see a few revenants of [[ebonyborn]] stalking the grounds, but they were not strong enough to speak to them. [[Vespello]] could also sense lingering magic remnants of [[ebonyborn]] relics, though they were long gone. He surmised it was likely the Mage Order at [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] researched the [[ebonyborn]] heavily, sometime in the past.

At the top of the main tower in the complex, the group planned on how they would reach the levitating manor and elemental halo of magic. They decided to use [[Lumen]] and [[Celeste]]’s flying capabilities to ferry [[the Dragonguard]], [[Wren]], and [[Lhant]] up, though both would be considerably tired for their next encounter. 

On the elemental ring, they found the bridge to the manor sealed by some magic. A phrase was written on the chromatic glass: “A jack of all trades is a master of none, and a master of one is worth less than the sum”. The group mulled over the riddle while they investigated the elemental towers. They ventured to the one of darkness first, finding a constantly shape-changing pedestal with palm imprints. Despite the number of hands placed on the pedestal, it did not unlock the door emblazoned with a symbol of a blade. They decided to leave [[Vespello]] and [[Aksell]] at the dark tower, while the others ventured to the one of light. When each group placed their hands on each pedestal, it opened each door. The one at the dark tower spewed dark mist, while the door of light that contained a ‘+’ symbol, emitted bright light. Each group ventured within.

[[Amalia]], [[Celeste]], and [[Akalar]] found themselves on a stone platform high in a heavenly sky, suspended in the clouds. Many other platforms contained glowing white crystals. A single, colorless orb of glass levitated in the center of the platforms. Meanwhile, [[Vespello]] and [[Aksell]] found themselves in a misty graveyard in the dead of night. A mysterious woman garbed in black, bearing two blades, lurked the mists…