[[The Dragonguard]] used the elemental keys retrieved from [[Jack]]’s elemental towers to unlock the bridge leading to his manor. Just inside the gates, they found a courtyard of elemental flowers growing. A magically overgrown worm lurked through the gardens, and a swarm of stinging insects prowled. Three garden tools sat strewn across the courtyard, and [[Amalia]] could sense a person’s soul fragmented across the tools. The soul seemed to be in distress at the creatures haunting the gardens, so [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons.

The group used the three tools to properly tend to the garden, [[Aksell]] finding hints of [[Talisman]]’s personality within them. Once the swarm of insects had scattered, the worm was slain, and mold was pulled from the garden beds, the spell trapping [[Talisman]] within the tools seemed to break. The woman emerged from the tools, transforming out of [[Jack]]’s transmutation spell. She hugged Percy and [[Aksell]] closely, asking to be caught up on what happened while she was trapped in [[Jack]]’s clutches. She provided the two with one of her infamous herbal mixtures and readied her staff to help. She nearly fainted getting to her feet, but [[Aksell]] caught her. He suggested that she wait in the safety of the garden. [[Talisman]] agreed, telling the group to send the others her way so she could tend to their wounds.

As the group approached the door to [[Jack]]’s manor, a strange voice chastised [[Akalar]] for partaking in a potion. [[Lhant]] grew concerned immediately, drawing his blade and summoning his Pride Demon. He warned [[the Dragonguard]] that a spirit lurked nearby, but it faded shortly thereafter. [[Akalar]] revealed more details about his past, and [[Lhant]] theorized that perhaps a spirit of Temperance had been drawn to him. He went further to say he wondered if it was a Gluttony Demon that had haunted his father that [[Akalar]]’s actions converted to a Temperance Spirit, but [[Lhant]] added that was only theorized. The group continued onward to [[Jack]]’s manor, [[Akalar]] deciding to tread carefully until they could speak to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]].

In the manor, they found a foyer connected to three separate wings with a central stairwell leading to a main hall. The stairwell was completely blocked by gargoyles holding torches lit with scarlet red flames. Two gargoyles at the foot of the stairwell had moved aside and their torches had extinguished. Yellow decorative items such as mirrors and vases adorned the foyer.

Lurking in the main foyer stood two [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. One was transformed into a baobhan state, while the other wore finery befit a housekeeper, wielding a magic feather duster. The housekeeper called them unwanted guests, and they quickly readied themselves to protect [[Jack]]’s manor.

[[The Dragonguard]] defeated the baobhan first and found that the house itself seemed to protect the housekeeper. [[Aksell]] theorized that some of the decorative items were perhaps [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]], matching the color she tended to favor in her clothing. Using their magic to detect [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]], [[the Dragonguard]] deduced which items to destroy to free [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]]’s magic and weaken the housekeeper’s defenses…