As [[the Dragonguard]] moved inland toward [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], they crossed into the sunblot and shadow rain threshold. As the city came into view, [[Amalia]] could feel heightened senses. She felt a sudden outcry of anguish from countless souls far away, only for them to be immediately silenced. They theorized that it was perhaps a [[blood magic]] spell being cast. 

Once the group reached the outskirts of [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], they spotted [[Jack]]’s manor levitating on a chunk of land high above the Mage Order tower. It was being suspended by a magic ring crowned with eight towers. Each tower seemed to correspond to one of the [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] elements. [[The Dragonguard]], [[Lhant]], and a small contingent of his Magerons delved toward the waterway entrance, while the others set up a perimeter to watch their backs. 

Once the door was unlocked, a massive shadow flew overhead, followed by a deafening roar that rocked the stones themselves. High above, they saw the silvery scales of [[Ager]], [[Nizima]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]] companion, created from [[Founders|the Founders]]’ universe-bending spell the [[Drop of Creation]]. Silver sightlines appeared as [[Ager]] patrolled over [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], and [[the Dragonguard]] quickly ushered themselves into the waterway.

Seeing [[Ager]] seemed to fill in a hazy memory for [[Amalia]], as she began to recall [[Ager]]’s powers from her own world. She explained that [[Ager]]’s very sight could unravel minds, forcing their victims to face themselves, every single facet, not to even speak of the flames they could spew. [[Amalia]] was panicking, thinking back to her own world, what she helped facilitate, and what state her world was even in at this point. [[Celeste]] and the others helped calm her down, and the group continued through the waterway to get into [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]]. 

While navigating, [[Akalar]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]] egg Maestro began to emanate a song from his childhood. He recalled it as *Different Life*, a song his father used to play that told the story of a regretful knight imagining how his life may have been different. [[Akalar]] could tell he had tangled emotions over hearing the tune again.

[[Aksell]] navigated the group through the waterway, eventually finding the entrance to the maintenance tunnels that would exit near the Mage Order. Just before entering, [[Lumen]] requested leave to hunt in the waters alongside [[Noctema]], to train for their water journey to the Magerony in the future. [[Celeste]] “approved” the request, and the two [[dragons]] dove into the waters.

In the maintenance tunnels, [[the Dragonguard]] found a spell placed over the exit, preventing access until safety issues were resolved in the tunnels. [[The Dragonguard]] explored each tunnel, killing a sect of [[goblin|goblins]] that wanted to steal their equipment who were clogging tunnels with debris, reactivating a crystal that heated the water for [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], and purifying polluted water that had been unfiltered for some time. Once these were resolved, the spell broke, allowing [[the Dragonguard]] to reach their desired exit. 

As they neared the manhole cover, [[Aksell]] could sense more magical activity in [[Borum]]’s skull, so he warned his friends to stay on their guard. 

[[Lhant]] and [[the Dragonguard]] emerged into the city streets of [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], a few blocks from their destination, in a secluded dead-end. [[Aksell]] remembered they would need to deactivate two enchanted gargoyles that guarded the Mage Order grounds, but they could be magically reprogrammed to seal the way behind them as well, as [[Talisman]] had done something similar on their last visit here. 

The group tended to some wounds and readied their gear before venturing into the dangerous streets, [[Ager]] still flying overhead, searching for something…