While [[Corvus]] and [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] discussed what to do about the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] entity corrupting the tower, the entity seemed to gurgle back broken words they had just spoken. It seemed to be learning some of the words as they spoke. A boom echoed through the chamber, followed by an unnatural crackle of lightning. The spore-covered entity began to crack, bone-white protrusions beginning to poke through. Eventually the veritable cocoon cracked open, and a bone-white humanoid figure stepped without. Its legs were bowed and came to a pointed blade, its forearms had bladed protrusions. Its head reared back into two pointed horns, and it shined fanged teeth. The figure paced the room casually, speaking very clearly with an air of superiority. It told [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] it was performing important work to destroy magic that was breaking the rules of this world, and it asked if they were going to continue to interrupt its work. [[Corvus]] whispered to [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] that the figure was not a [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-corrupted being, but rather a being of [[Doom magic]] itself, something never witnessed before. The being introduced itself as the “Corrector”. 

The party decided to battle the Corrector. It wielded unnatural abilities, able to temporarily confuse some of [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to attack one another. Eventually, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] emerged victorious as [[Corvus]] struck the final blow, cutting the being in half. Otherworldly purple lightning sparked at the two halves of the creature, though it appeared lifeless. The group decided it was best to be off, grab the ring from [[Allunaris]]’s throne room, and return home. 

Back in [[Allunaris]]’s throne room, the group prepared themselves for what might happen. [[Corvus]] paused briefly, then grabbed the ring. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] could already feel their magic being entirely suppressed. When the ring was retrieved, a specter appeared in the middle of the room. It appeared to be a specter of the late [[Korrin|King Korrin]], though this specter seemed a bit older than [[Korrin]] ever aged to be. The specter’s gaze was distant until [[Celeste|Aurora]] tried to draw his attention. The specter seemed confused that he could see any other living figures, saying his kingdom was now ash, along with everything else. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] could not get through to the specter, and he grew angry at their existence, saying they would join his kingdom of ash. [[Corvus]] warned the group that he knew that look in his eyes, that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] got the same one when she was ready to fight. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] decided to do battle, so [[Corvus]] transformed to raven form and flew from the castle to get the ring away from them. With their powers returned, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] dueled the specter of the former King. The specter had an enchanted crown, amulet, and sword that granted him various powers, but [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] were able to best the specter. As he began to dematerialize, he spoke to no one in particular, asking if he could have been wrong. 

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] rushed from the tower, back to the keep, then finally back into the desert. As they grew closer and closer to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s enchanted gondola, they could feel the return of the suppressing nature of the ring. They found [[Corvus]] waiting by the gondola. He pulled it closer to the shore and gave all [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] a hand in boarding the vessel. When the last of them had boarded, there was another boom and crackle in the air as a purple rift tore into the air behind [[Corvus]]. One of the Corrector’s arm-blades jabbed through the rift, stabbing [[Corvus]] in the midsection. He cried out in pain, spitting blood onto the gondola’s deck as he partially collapsed onto the prow. The Corrector stepped through the rift, saying he could not allow that ring to leave, for it broke the “rules”… 