[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] assisted the wounded [[Corvus]] aboard the enchanted gondola while the Corrector looked on. After explaining to the being that they intended to use the enchanted ring to fight back against the [[Mageron Loyalists]], the Corrector seemed appeased enough to allow [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to leave, as long as they never returned. They agreed, and the Corrector retreated back through its rift. With an enchanted dagger [[Corvus]] coated with his own blood, [[Arturo]] brought the engines of the gondola to life, pulling the group back into the unknown, dark sea. 

On the way back to the temple, traveling through the in-between realm of gold that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] sent them through, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] heard [[Corvus]] mention a few phrases, “Morra”, “Father, please”, and “Can’t leave her”. They assumed these were ruminations from his past as he struggled against his wound, which seemed to be growing a ring of [[Doom Magic|Doom-magic]] infection. 

Back at the temple, the group was met and helped toward the war room by two members of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s Court, [[Lambert]] and [[Sovier]]. Inside the war room, they found [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Wren]] drinking wine and chatting, though their demeanors changed immediately once seeing [[Corvus]]. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] rushed [[Corvus]] into one of the three suites in the balcony above to see to his wound, while [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] took the opportunity to visit [[Mirina]] once again.

Upon their return, they found [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Wren]] looking over [[Corvus]], still writhing in his sleep, his wounds freshly bandaged. [[Celeste|Aurora]] asked if [[Corvus]] could eventually be corrupted into a threat, which [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] took quite personally, getting to her feet, ready for confrontation, though [[Aksell]] cooled the room. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] mentioned when she arrived in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] ten years ago that she sensed a magical seedling, exuding something adjacent to [[Doom magic]]. She said she left it be, hoping to not draw attention to it in the case she may need it one day. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] agreed to venture out with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] herself to find this magical flower. 

After resupplying in the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Temple, traveling quickly between levels with one of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s enchanted mirrors, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] set off with the Mageroness in her enchanted gondola. They wound through the nearby forest, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] silently guiding the gondola with a simple grasp at the prow. As the wind blew by, they spoke with her, learning that though the enchanted tattoo of each [[Founders|Founder]]’s line did grant some level of great power, her blood itself had its own strength, as well. She told [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] she had to train for years and years, “earning” the ink slowly over time as she learned her family’s powers. They also learned that [[Allunaris]]’s power held dominion over the spectrum of darkness, but [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] did not know how far or how that spectrum spread. It turned out that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had never even met anyone else of [[Founders|Founder]] blood in her mysteriously long lifetime. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] brought the gondola to a halt at the edge of the woods, near an overgrown field of wildflowers the group had chosen over the shorter route of a forgotten stone bridge. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] warned there may be [[White Flame Knights]] near the bridge, so they opted for the stealthier route. In the field, the group had to do battle against enchanted petaltowers that stood nearly five feet tall and exuded elemental magic. Yet another example of the natural magic of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] being allowed to grow wild. As they cut their way through the flowers, leaving behind fresh beds of flowers as each petaltower fell, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] and [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] at last arrived at a serene pond being refilled by a careening waterfall from the river above, but they did not spot any cave that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had mentioned… 