In the treeline near the pond, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] began rummaging for something. She explained that the cave was hidden behind the waterfall as she pulled out a rotting rowboat from the brush. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] repaired the boat and visited [[Mirina]] before venturing into the cave. They briefly spotted a cloaked man speaking with [[Mirina]], who vanished in a flash of red magic spirals upon seeing [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]]. [[Mirina]] implied she summoned them here to cut the conversation with the man short. After trading with her, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] returned to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]].

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] enchanted one of the oars with her golden magic and began to glide the ship into the waterfall cavern. The group drifted through a tunnel glittering with lightning-enchanted crystals. As they drifted through the watery cavern, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] had to fend off water serpents with lightning fangs. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] spotted a fork in the path. She explained the left path was their goal, but that she could sense magical items in the right path. When asked if [[Corvus]] could survive the delay, she raised a hand over the chest of her coat, saying that if he were on the brink, she would know. In the side tunnel, the party spotted an encampment of [[goblin|river goblins]] with bluish-tinged skin. Though they originally intended to attack, the [[goblin|goblins]] offered to barter with them instead. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] agreed, leaving their weapons on the boat. They bought some relics and supplies, then returned on their way, leaving the [[goblin|goblins]] to their business.

As the boat glided toward the end of the tunnel, a golden glow filled the cavern, though it was quite different from [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s magic. The cave dead-ended into a rocky shore. On the shore was a small patch of grass with a singular golden flower, emitting brilliant light. Near it stood a massive bear standing on its hind legs. Across its enlarged, muscular body, it had resplendent golden armor, seemingly growing out of its own body. It turned and actually spoke to [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] in their own language, explaining it was a guardian for this flower, and that it could not let its power be taken by the wrong hands. [[Aksell]] stepped forward, explaining they needed the flower for medicine to help a friend struck with [[Doom Magic|Doom]], and he offered to prove their mettle. The guardian agreed, and battle began. 

The guardian had near invulnerable defenses, empowered by shining stalagmites it could summon on the shore. Though they took a beating from the guardian bear, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] emerged victorious. It bowed and stepped aside for the group to pluck the flower, explaining the vessel it inhabited would return to normal once the flower was plucked. [[Aksell]] plucked the flower, holding it safely while [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] used one of her spells to return them to the war room with a shimmer of gold. 

Once they landed on the black stone, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] swiped the flower and sprinted up the stairs toward [[Corvus]]. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] followed, finding [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] already kneeling by [[Corvus]]’s bedside, the flower being mixed in a mortar, and [[Corvus]]’s bandages moved out of the way. Before she could apply the medicine, [[Corvus]] grabbed her arm, his eyes shooting open with a purple glow. He spoke with only a hint of his own voice but largely with another’s. The voice stared directly at [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and warned her that she and hers would soon face the consequences, though he did not look to [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] when speaking of who would pay. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stood fast and applied the medicine. The golden magic burned away the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] corruption, and [[Corvus]]’s eyes returned to their normal yellow-green. His grip on [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s arm turned from angry to friendly. She immediately scooped [[Corvus]] into a tight embrace. 

[[Corvus]] nodded to each of [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]], silently thanking them for their help. He began to cough as he pulled something from his pocket, seemingly remembering something. He held something in a closed fist, urging [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to open her hand. She looked confused, though [[Corvus]] had a devilish smirk on his face as he struggled to get out the words. He dropped the ring from [[Allunaris]]’s castle in her palm, barely getting out the joke of asking [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to marry him. She rolled her eyes, shoving his shoulder. Her demeanor turned serious as she inspected the ring. The golden wings on her [[Dragons|dragon]] tattoo ignited in a golden fire aura. The ring itself ignited with a similar black flame, almost in answer. Her eyes burned with the apparent [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] determination as she said, “We’ll crack your curse, [[Allunaris]]”…  