The woman who had snuck up on [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] turned out to be the descendant of a Mageron [[Founders|Founder]], [[Morrithana Aladoro]]. Branagh was understandably wary of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], who spoke coyly and gave off an enigmatic aura. She had black hair, tied in a messy bun, golden eyes, and a dark tattoo of a [[Dragons|dragon]] with golden ink along the [[Dragons|dragon]]'s wings. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] wished to have [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] enter the large temple where she said her and her people had set up over the last 10 years, she even extended the invitation to Branagh. Branagh rejected the invitation, still under the impression [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was his enemy. He promised [[Celeste|Aurora]] he would alert someone of where they left [[Haven]], then he departed, saying he hoped [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] came to their senses about working with the Magerony.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] led [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] through the multi-leveled temple as she explained more about herself. She explained her ancestor was one of the seven [[Founders]] of the Magerony, terrible mages that played at being gods and wrought [[Doom Event|the Doom]] upon the world. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] said her parents spoke out about the horrors of [[Founders|the Founders]], drawing the ire of a group called the [[Founder Loyalists|Loyalists]], who wished to continue the evils of [[Founders|the Founders]]. The [[Founder Loyalists|Loyalists]] killed her parents, and her and her brother barely made it out of their estate. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] went on to live with [[Corvus]]'s family, the Agianiles. Just as she spoke, a raven flew down and landed on her shoulder. She scratched under the beak of the bird, greeting it as [[Corvus]] himself. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] finished her family's story by adding her brother was spirited away to [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] as an infant, growing up to become the former [[Korrin|King Korrin]].

 

She made it clear to [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] that she was not aligned with the Loyalists, who now are gaining more power in her country. Nearly 10 years ago, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] left the Magerony, finally revealing to the Magerons and Mageronesses she was in fact an [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]], and that she denounced their ideology. She then came to this temple to prepare to help [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] defend against the storm she saw brewing to the north.

 

They ascended the temple with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], finding a multi-leveled, near-city within. The bottom level held a residential area that once may have housed hundreds. Now, a handful of dozens of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]'s loyal called it their home. The second and third level held a marketplace followed by an armory and training grounds. The fourth level was a lush garden full of enchanted plant life. The final level contained a circle of magical mirrors that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained she hoped to one day turn into a waystation of sorts, but the project had stalled as she can only muster so much power without massive stores of blood. She momentarily had one mirror show the image of a ransacked tower suite before it faded back to silver. She continued upward to the black stone apex that she said Scarlet had built decades ago.

 

The black stone apex held a large war room, a long meeting table covered in maps, and a few suites on a higher-level balcony. From this apex, four towers were adjoined to the temple by stone bridges, built by her people. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained they each had a purpose, one was for studying herself and her magic, one was for studying Mageron relics and history, another was a reinforced structure for casting mighty spells, and the final one held another project in progress, a way to track if there are other [[Founders|Founder]] descendants, though she explained she could only use it for Aladoros currently. 

 

In the war room, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained that her operation would have to go by a different set of rules to the queen. She added that she didn't trust the entirety of her Queensguard, save for [[Aurum]], but she did believe [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] was trustworthy. Much to her chagrin, she said her operation was called the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court. Though her inner circle only had two others, she said she wished to extend an invitation to join her court. [[Gabriel]] was delighted to hear someone mention doing whatever it takes, so he revealed that he had used a ring similar to the ones the group had found around [[Atrae]] to turn himself into a shade. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] found this a good segue, and led them toward the Mageron studies tower.

 

Inside the tower, they found countless relics being researched, the focus on a central glass dome containing a singular ring. Around it danced magic runes that they surmised were part of its formula. Sat in front of the ring, an open notebook in her lap, sat [[Wren]], the former Archmage of [[Atrae]]. [[Wren]] seemed impressed they made it out in one peace, though she kept her cool, uninterested demeanor intact. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained she felt the strange magic of [[Atrae]] when she arrived, and in her investigation, she met [[Wren]]. [[Corvus]] returned to [[Humans|human]] form to join the conversation.

 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] revealed they believed the rings and other jewelry the Atraean blood sirens had were from the Magerony, and that they supress the magic of Matarans. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] feared that these were only minor relics, and that the Loyalists may have found old [[Founders|Founder]] knowledge to create more, and stronger, relics. They needed to unravel the secrets of the enchantment upon them, but they needed one of greater strength, enchanted by a more powerful Mageron. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] then broached her offer for [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to prove themselves to join her court: she would send them to a faraway castle once a stronghold for a [[Founders|Founder]]. The [[Founders|Founder]], she said, was [[Allunaris]], a vile, scheming man that left no good imprint on the world. She said the castle would be long abandoned and forgotten, and she could divert the crown's attention away from them while they were gone. 

 

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] agreed to the mission, tentatively agreeing that they would align with the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court. [[Corvus]] would escort them to the castle. When asked how they would get there, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] revealed each [[Founders|Founder]] bloodline had its own special powers, and quick travel over long distances was a specialty of hers. She summoned a flying ship, an oversized gondola powered by golden crystals that glided on the wind itself with no sails. [[Corvus]] helped everyone aboard. Letting something different within her show itself only briefly, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] gripped the railing and commanded [[Corvus]] to return home safely. He nodded wholeheartedly. Before they set off, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] warned [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] that if they crossed her, they would know the true wrath of one with [[Founders|Founder]] blood. [[Corvus]] slashed his wrist, and [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] used his blood to send the gondola through a realm of liquid gold and silver.

 

On the other side, the gondola landed in a dark sea, a white sand coast lay ahead. [[Corvus]] pulled the gondola to the coast and led [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] into the endless white desert. A moon hung in the sky and seemed to move on an unexpected path as time passed. Eventually, the group came to a set of stone walls that were once some kind of building. The remnants of rusted chains sat nailed into one of the two remaining walls. Semitransparent wraiths materialized to attack the group, though they were dispatched quickly. [[Corvus]] ushered [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] onward, saying what lurked there was waking up, though [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] did make a brief excursion to wherever Miri called home before returning to the desert and [[Corvus]].

 

Eventually, a destroyed castle came into view. It was a castle of an unknown black stone, nearly sucking the light out of everything nearby. The keep’s walls had breaches in the stone as if siege weapons had struck it in the past. White sand flowed out of cracks in the walls, hinting that the castle’s foundation may not be sound. Two towers sat within the keep, one of them covered and infected with bulbous spores of [[Doom magic]]. [[Corvus]] claimed something “wrong” was in that tower. The group cautiously stepped within the castle’s walls, ascended a wall into a broken window, and delved inside the darkness.

The keep was nearly pitch black. The feeling of magic suppression and the weight of whatever [[Doom Magic|Doom]] presence lurked high above weighed on [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]]. As they ventured toward the towers, they found a faded mural. The only remnants that could be discerned showed a humanoid figure wearing a sinister crown reaching toward an infinite maw filled with vile teeth and demonic beings. They pushed forward, the keep itself radiating unease. 

At the crossroad to both towers, the group decided to investigate the plain-looking tower first. They spotted a pile of black cloth that [[Corvus]] warned them not to disturb. At the top of the tower, they found a black wooden door. Within was a large throne room, black marble and pillars lining the chamber. Some of the pillars were destroyed, chunks of black rubble littering the room. Black magic residue lined the floor. All clear signs of some great battle long ago. At the end of the throne room sat a black crystalline throne filled with speckled lights, almost like the dark stone had captured starlight and refused to let it free. Behind the throne, however, was the main draw of attention. 

There was a stained-glass window letting juts a bit of moonlight through. The glass depicted a tall man with a sinister gaze. He had long white hair, a black crystalline crown on his brow, and black-iris eyes. In his palm was a purple orb oozing light. [[Corvus]] was awestruck as he stared at the man. He stammered that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was right, still in awe. When pressed, he revealed that the man was [[Allunaris]], the [[Founders|Founder]] that claimed this castle. What [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was right about, however, was that [[Allunaris]] was in fact the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] of the [[Third Doom]], the black crown on his brow an exact match for the one the corrupted figure wore when he showed himself around the year 0\. As the group moved about the room, the stained-glass changed, revealing a [[Dragons|dragon]] tattoo on [[Allunaris]]’s arm. The [[Dragons|dragon]]’s body had black veins flowing through it, inked in a glowing black ink that let it stand out from the rest of the [[Dragons|dragon]]’s body. 

On the throne sat a solitary ring, untarnished. The group was wary to disturb the ring, fearing a trap. [[Corvus]] said he would bear the ring back home, but he would have to distance himself from the party once he grabbed it, as it would stifle their power. The group decided to investigate the other tower before making a choice.

In the tower infected by the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] spores, the group again cautiously made their way upward, finding purple fluid dripping down the stone, and the spores growing larger and larger as they ascended. After cracking the spores off another black door, the party saw the source of infection.

Inside the other tower’s top room, there were countless, pulsating [[Doom Magic|Doom]] spores and tendrils covering the stone, sometimes melding with the stone itself. A circle of destroyed mirrors sat in the middle of the chamber, and a strange mechanism sat in the center of them, all covered by the corrupting [[Doom Magic|Doom]] entities. The heart of the spores seemed to be an odd being near the central mechanism. It was slightly humanoid, though it was much too large, and its tendrils connected to the tower floor itself. Its eyes were deep abysses that exuded purple fluid. Its mouth was merely a break in the ever-flowing [[Doom Magic|Doom]] sludge dripping down its body. The presence of this being was nearly oppressive on [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] and [[Corvus]]…