[[The Dragonguard]] defeated Kepler and [[Emilia Navitas]], stopping the strange musings directed at [[Celeste|Aurora]] and dispelling the Doomrotted spirit from each, respectively. On the nearby table in the laboratory cavern, the group found yet another research journal of [[Calathan]]’s. This one spoke of his tests on [[Doomrot|Doomrot corruption]] on a Mageroness with a spirit bound to them. He explained that the [[Doomrot]] broke down the barrier between Mageroness and spirit, allowing the spirit itself to be corrupted by the magic rather than the Mageroness herself. [[Calathan]] continued, however, and wrote of his hesitation with the [[Doomrot|Doomrot magic]], discovering it could corrupt anyone or anything, seemingly besides [[Allunaris]]. [[Calathan]] wrote that he would still investigate the remains of the [[Candidates|Doomlord]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]], but he would delve deeper into this newer branch of Doomchitin. 

 The group continued to the bottom of the excavated pit, to the remaining Starseeker fiddling with the [[Dragons|dragon]] skull emitting [[Doom magic]]. The Starseeker introduced himself as Hubble. He spoke of irritation with [[Calathan]], seemingly realizing himself that the [[Founders|Founder]]’s son was treating the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] as merely a means to an end. Hubble intended to clear out the abominations [[Calathan]] had made here, but [[the Dragonguard]] had already taken care of it for him. 

Hubble also explained further about the two branches of [[Doom magic]]. He referenced [[Allunaris]]’s, being told the truth of the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] by [[Calathan]], being less “pure”, more “corrupt” by being tainted by [[Allunaris]]’s magic. He explained that the chitinizing [[Doom magic]] was more “perfect”, especially after being graced by the light of their Guiding Star. 

Hubble revealed the scroll he was holding was a spell formula piece retrieved from [[Calathan]]’s research that he claimed would bind the [[Dragons|dragon]] to him. Hubble cast the spell, though [[Selina]] tried to stop him to no avail. The [[Dragons|dragon]] skull rematerialized into a twin-headed [[Dragons|dragon]] with two sets of wings: one of a [[Dragons|dragon]], one of a moth. Silver and purple runes surrounded the [[Dragons|dragon]], seemingly binding it to Hubble. The [[Dragons|dragon]] had scales of [[Doom magic]] from both branches. 

[[The Dragonguard]] battled the Starseeker and the [[Dragons|dragon]] both, dispatching the rematerialized [[Candidates|Doomlord]] companion, then they focused on Hubble. As Hubble neared his death, he seemed in awe of [[Celeste|Aurora]], claiming she emitted the same light. He began to approach her with an outstretched hand. As [[Celeste|Aurora]] cowered in fear, [[Aksell]] beheaded the man before he could get any closer.

As the dust settled, [[Selina]] referenced that the foolish [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] didn’t even know what they had in their grasp. She asked for temporary access to the band of [[Korrin]]’s crown. After some discussion, they agreed to let her have it. She used the recompleted crown to reveal a hidden compartment in the [[Dragons|dragon]] skull which housed a brightly glowing purple gemstone. She plucked the stone by crushing the skull, explaining the gemstone was the other half of her soul; it was her [[Selina|Doomqueen]] soul shard. 

[[Selina]] explained that she was born without [[half-dragon]] features, which is what made her leave her home, the [[Ancient Skies]]. In her resurrected form, thanks to [[the Rectifiers]], she was in a strange, immortal state. She was unable to age, she had an unnatural form. The former [[Selina|Doomqueen]] plucked a spell scroll of her own and revealed that [[Allunaris]] himself was not truly immune to [[Doomrot]]. He constantly had to cast a spell to protect himself from its corruption. The spell fragment she held was similar to that spell, one she stole from [[Allunaris]] when she was joined with him. With that spell fragment, she would be able to recomplete her soul fragment to herself, return to her true, mortal form, and resist the [[Doomrot|Doomrot corruption]] contained within. 

[[Selina]] waited for [[the Dragonguard]] to agree to the process, as they were instrumental in getting her here in the first place. They agreed, so [[Selina]] recompleted the shard to herself. What remained was the former queen in her true, natural form: no [[half-dragon]] features, and a hint of silvering hair similar to [[Sariel]]’s showing of her age. 

Before departing to [[Ronotte]]’s site of power, the group met up with [[Mirina]], who finally managed to warp to the forest. They learned that [[Mirina]]’s power was continuing to wane the longer she remained in their world… 