[[The Dragonguard]] revealed to [[Selina]] what had happened to both [[Sarah]] and [[Sariel]] in their journeys to the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s Realm and [[Korrin]]’s Lab. She seemed to understand, now, why [[Ronotte]] had put them to sleep and taken care of the problem before she arrived. [[Selina]] admitted she may have reacted rather poorly. The former queen lamented all the people she had lost, though seemed to take heart that [[Amalia]], a sister of sorts, had been rescued by [[Sariel]], so she was not truly alone for this new crisis. [[Selina]] steeled herself to prepare for the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] ahead but still wondered if this would be the last crisis she would live through. 

With the matter settled and [[Guan Yi]] satisfied, the group continued to the site of power the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] had set up. They arrived at a massive excavation site, [[Doom Magic|Doom crystals]] littering the entire pit. At the bottom was the clear [[Dragons|dragon]] skull [[the Dragonguard]] had witnessed being stolen by the older [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] at [[Selina’s Blight]] much earlier in their journey. Strangely, they also saw the intermingling of the Guiding Star [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], older [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], and even Magerons, confirming that the Magerony had in fact joined forces with the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]]. 

There were four checkpoints leading downward to the bottom of the pit, to where the [[Dragons|dragon]] skull emitted a haze of [[Doom magic]]. [[The Dragonguard]], [[Selina]], and [[Guan Yi]] began the descent, meeting first the older [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] in combat. Once they were defeated, the group found the first cavern embedded in the pit held merely excavation equipment and bedrolls. They continued to the next level.

At the next checkpoint, they crossed blades with both groups of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], finding a few bearing the three-pointed star sigil that they stated represented their leader, the Guiding Star. Once these Loyalists were defeated, the group investigated this level, finding fading [[Doom Magic|Doom runes]], [[Doom Magic|Doom crystals]], and two journals emitting magic that bore a silver [[Dragons|dragon]] pin on the front covers… 