[[The Dragonguard]] studied the journals, finding that they appeared to belong to [[Calathan]], [[Nizima]]’s son. The journals were mostly unfinished spell formulas, and [[Selina]] spotted a few [[Doom Magic|Doom runes]] [[Calathan]] seemed to be trying to learn. Only one passage in each journal was legible. One spoke of [[Calathan]]’s desire for his own [[Dragons|dragon]] companion, one way or another. The other referenced sending the older [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] off in search of the [[Dragons|dragon]] skull, finding it easy to persuade them with the truth of [[Allunaris]] and promising his return. Finding nothing else of interest, [[the Dragonguard]] continued lower into the pit.

In the cavern emanating black and red mist, they found a Mageron partnered with both sects of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]]. The Mageron’s flesh seemed to be fully melted off, and dark red magic coursed through the visible bone and skull. The Mageron introduced himself as Ikarn, a Mageron gifted enough that [[Calathan]] chose him to accept a [[Candidates|Doomlord]] relic to meld with his own magic. He brandished the scythe blade on his staff, claiming it to be a relic from the [[Candidates|Doomlord]] Marrow, a villain of [[Allunaris]]’s during the [[Third Doom]]. Learning little else from Ikarn, [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons to face this abomination of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] and Mageron magic.

After standing against Ikarn’s spells of bone and blood, [[Vespello]] fired a shot that split the man’s skull from his body, the red lights and dark magic fading as it landed. As he perished, Ikarn’s skull mentioned that perhaps [[the Dragonguard]] would have made better ‘vessels’. 

[[The Dragonguard]] sifted through another of [[Calathan]]’s journal found in Ikarn’s cavern. [[Selina]] grew concerned that the spell formulas seemed to be getting more complete the lower they traversed. The legible journal entry spoke of [[Calathan]]’s interest in [[Allunaris]]’s branch of [[Doom magic]] fully corrupting individuals almost beyond recognition, yet he could still hold sway over the being. [[Calathan]] sought to study this effect with [[Candidates|Doomlord]] or [[Candidates|Doomlady]] relics applied to Magerons loyal to the [[Nizima]] family. [[Calathan]] finished the entry by reflecting on how funny he found it that the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] so desperately searched for a woman that had nearly no power herself, for she was not even a Mageroness. [[Selina]] scoffed at the last passage. Hoping to learn more about what [[Calathan]] was trying to accomplish at the site, the group continued deeper.

In the final cavern-checkpoint before the [[Dragons|dragon]] skull at the bottom, [[the Dragonguard]] found a group of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], a Mageroness, and a Starseeker working in a magical laboratory. The Mageroness had several Doomrotted limbs growing from her back and a [[Doomrot|Doomrot crystal]] embedded in her chest. The Starseeker wore the three-pointed star, the sigil of the [[Dragons|dragon]] with two pairs of wings and had a wide lace collar of white fabric. The Mageroness taunted [[the Dragonguard]], while the Starseeker took specific interest in [[Celeste|Aurora]]. Starseeker Kepler seemed confused as to why [[Celeste|Aurora]] recoiled at [[Doom magic]] so, especially considering she reeked of the that which emanated from the ‘font’. [[Akalar]] tried to draw attention away, which caused Kepler to tell [[Akalar]] that his ‘light’ was ‘fractured’. When [[Arturo]] spoke up, Kepler spoke of there being no light at all. Growing sick of the harassment, [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons to defeat [[Emilia Navitas]] and Starseeker Kepler…