[[The Dragonguard]] spoke briefly with [[Mirina]] and [[Duma Van]] after the war council had adjourned. [[Duma Van]] advised them he would escort them into the [[Mythical Forest]] and [[Locations/Matar/Minos/index|Minos]] to get them on their way to their destination.

While aboard Diluvia to leave [[Amanta]], [[the Dragonguard]] spoke to [[Duma Van]] about his own journey over ten years ago. The councilor reminisced on his own journey, and how he missed his friends. Though, he advised [[the Dragonguard]] not to linger on the thought that they may never again all congregate as one after their journey is over, but to enjoy the ride while it lasted. The group glided into the [[Mythical Forest]], the very trees glowing with magic. 

They briefly stopped in the city of [[Locations/Matar/Minos/index|Minos]], where [[Duma Van]] had made great strides to diversify the city, introducing new architecture, trades, and even food. Where former leaders of the city had kept nearly the entire forest closed off, [[Duma Van]] wished to open it to gain the benefits of the diversity of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. [[Duma Van]] also showed the group the Tree of Elle, a massive tree that had countless different vegetation styles. He theorized that the tree was connected in some way to every single plant in the forest. [[The Dragonguard]] resupplied and went on their way atop Diluvia to the first site of power the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] lurked within. 

As they approached the site, following [[Duma Van]]’s directions, [[the Dragonguard]] could sense two powerful magical presences engaged in combat. They approached quietly and found the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] and [[Guan Yi]] engaged in a duel. Though neither seemed intent to harm the other, they were crossing weapons, nonetheless. When [[the Dragonguard]] were spotted, [[Guan Yi]] advised them that they may need to come settle this bout, as the two were at a stalemate. The former “god” explained that he could tell he and the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] had seen war together before, but he could not place their identity. He much preferred to know if the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] was a former enemy. 

Though [[Celeste|Aurora]] sat out of the duel, [[the Dragonguard]] split sides for the duel, [[Aksell]] and [[Amalia]] joining the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], while the others joined [[Guan Yi]], also wanting to know the true identity of their ally. Eventually, [[Guan Yi]] and [[Akalar]] overwhelmed [[Amalia]] and [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], and the others rejoined the field to finish the argument. Tired of the duel, the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] grabbed one of [[Arturo]]’s blades with their off hand, saying they had had enough.

The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] then told [[Vespello]], referring to something he had asked before picking a side, that they recognized the band of [[Korrin]]’s crown because they held the other piece. Their hands moved to the glittering gemstones adorning their helmet: the missing crown jewels of [[Korrin]]’s crown. As the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] removed the golden, winged helmet, the shape of the figure changed before [[the Dragonguard]]’s very eyes. The metal warped into a feminine shape as black hair unfurled from the helmet, and red eyes stared back at them. The former Queen of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], former [[Selina|Doomqueen]] herself, [[Selina]], stood before them. The identity of the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] had been revealed, and now that the guise had fallen, she demanded to know what had happened to her sister, [[Sariel]]…