[[The Dragonguard]] met with [[Corvus]] and [[Wren]] outside the southern gate of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. [[Corvus]] said that the Navigan knights guarding the shoreline were preparing horses for them to take south toward the [[Black Spires]] to sail across the bay toward [[Locations/Matar/Inferna/index|Inferna]], given the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] had blockaded [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. There was an abandoned dwarven pass the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court used to sneak through [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] when they arrived ten years ago. 

At the knights’ camp, [[the Dragonguard]] reunited with [[Charles]], a retired adventurer who was down on his luck during the contest in [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] at the start of their journey. With a recommendation from [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], [[Charles]] was inducted as a Knight in the Knight Order. He told the group that he was now a Knight-Lieutenant, with his first mission being to protect the southern shoreline if the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] come to land. [[Charles]] said the horses were being prepped, but he offered for [[the Dragonguard]] to join him and his knights for a game and for breakfast; [[the Dragonguard]] happily agreed, knowing how valuable it could be for the knights’ morale. 

[[The Dragonguard]] emerged victorious in a close game of volleyball, then joined the knights for breakfast. Some of the knights asked [[the Dragonguard]] what they would do when this was all over, some of them with plans, others without any as of yet. Once the horses were ready, [[the Dragonguard]], [[Corvus]], and [[Wren]] rode south toward the looming [[Black Spires]].

In the foothills, the group camped, opting to traverse the underground passage during the day, [[Corvus]] explaining that spirits and demons seem to haunt the pass. As they camped, [[Corvus]] asked [[Akalar]] about his father before explaining his own father had been an evil man. He told the story of his family taking in [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] when the Loyalists turned on her parents, and that [[Corvus]]’s father only agreed to take her in if [[Corvus]] pursued her for marriage and children. [[Corvus]] said he never intended to make good on that promise, but he admitted he did eventually fall in love with her. [[The Dragonguard]] urged [[Corvus]] to tell [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] how he felt, but he still seemed hesitant. Eventually, [[Corvus]] asked [[Akalar]], and [[the Dragonguard]] at large, to help him slay his own father, who he had blood-cursed into the form of a [[Dragons|dragon]]. He admitted that a [[Dragons|dragon]] will still a powerful form, but the form sealed away his father’s ability to cast [[blood magic]] or utilize the [[Agianile]] animal-form powers. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed that when things were not so dire, they would help [[Corvus]], especially if his father could be a potential [[Candidates|candidate]] for [[Primarch Florian Durata|Primarch]] when they killed the current one.

In the morning, the group delved within. After a couple hours of descending, the group came upon a long-abandoned beginning of a dwarven settlement. [[Corvus]] informed them that these were dwarves fleeing from [[Amanta]] and [[Apillus]] during the time of the Magerony’s first invasion, hoping to start a new city in the [[Black Spires]]. Unfortunately, [[Corvus]] added, the Magerony found them and slaughtered them. 

An abandoned mine still stood in a near pristine state, with extremely resilient materials growing nearby. [[The Dragonguard]] harvested these and built some new equipment before moving on.

Back in the settlement, the group was ambushed by a few dwarven corpses possessed by demons. A demon of envy controlled the leader. Already the slayers of a fully-fledged demon in its own realm, the dwarven corpses posed little threat to [[the Dragonguard]]… 