As [[the Dragonguard]] and their allies investigated the remains of the possessed dwarves, the cavern began to rumble, and the colorful green mist from the envy demon began to spread through the rock walls. [[Corvus]] urged the group to run, so they fled through the exit. They made it back into the open air atop a small hill by the sea, the green mist vanishing in the daylight. [[Corvus]], catching his breath, pointed toward the bay below where the group spied the familiar vessel, The Veltia, flying sails emblazoned with the sigil of [[the Dragonguard]].

[[The Dragonguard]] reunited with Aifa, [[Carla]]’s seafaring friend that had taken up the position of first mate under [[Noki]], who was also aboard the ship. [[Noki]] was elated to see [[Akalar]] and his friends again, showing them around the upgraded ship. He explained that they had frequently run courier and escort missions for [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Dieter]] both, but that they also used a new magical radar and enchanted suit to perform deep-sea recoveries of relics and other treasures. Realigning himself back on task, [[Noki]] said he was also eager to get across the bay to save Siralka and the kids. He issued orders to his crew and the Veltia was underway.

Around the middle of the bay, [[the Dragonguard]] began to hear beautiful, symphonic music from below the water and the voice of an icy [[Dragons|dragon]]. They announced themselves as Vissenthyma, one of the very last [[dragons]]. Vissenthyma said that their sole mission in life was protecting clutches of [[Dragons|dragon]] eggs, to ensure their kind survived into the future. Vissenthyma, seeing that [[the Dragonguard]] had kept several eggs of their own safe and fostered, even hatching [[Lumen]]’s, offered another egg that they were guarding beneath the waves. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed and took up positions at different places on the ship. 

[[Akalar]] donned the enchanted suit and dove at extreme speed toward the seafloor. [[Amalia]] gathered information from the crystal radar which she relayed to [[Vespello]] on the cannons to destroy debris below the sea for [[Akalar]] to loot. [[Aksell]] bilged the lower decks to keep the ship afloat, and [[Celeste]] wielded her spear against Vissenthyma when they emerged from the water to attack, attempting to interrupt their attacks.

After several cannons to the seafloor to break apart stone and debris, [[Akalar]] resurfaced carrying a [[Dragons|dragon]] egg. The egg was smooth, a swirl of brass and polished wood. The egg magically bonded with [[Akalar]], and he learned that their name would be Maestro. Vissenthyma was satisfied and bade them farewell. [[Accala]] relayed that [[Lumen]] was proud to increase their “fleet”. The Veltia continued southwest. 

[[Akalar]]’s farmstead came into view on the horizon as the sun set. [[Corvus]] transformed into raven form to scout ahead. [[Blood-Siren|Blood-sirens]] gathered on the shoreline amongst the rice plants and desalinization pipes… 