[[The Dragonguard]] briefly spoke to Knight-Lieutenant Sasha, the [[blood-siren]] in charge of the conquest of [[Akalar]]’s farmstead. She revealed that she herself was [[Nicoletta]]’s phylactery; it was not stored in a physical object like [[Wren]] theorized. Sasha spoke of the power it unlocked, allowing her to stay in her true form longer. She even offered the same to [[the Dragonguard]], becoming a phylactery themselves. When refused, Sasha grew angry and bore her fangs. [[The Dragonguard]] battled against Sasha and her dark mages weaving the sunblot effect across the field. They were able to dispel the darkness temporarily with their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic, providing the necessary window to defeat Sasha, who was otherwise protected by the waves of shadowy magic. 

[[Wren]] investigated the cauldron, retrieving a glowing white brain from the bloody mixture. [[Antar]] contacted [[Celeste]] magically, though this time he was able to fully project an image of himself and the sleeping [[Aurora]] to the oasis. [[Antar]] and [[Celeste]] performed a magic ritual to pull volatile magic that was vexing [[Aurora]]’s mind. [[Antar]] was briefly in awe of some strange memory of [[Aurora]]’s, but they pulled him back to reality. The magic nearly overpowered the two, but [[Celeste]] redirected it to [[Aurora]]’s spear, which transformed it into a mighty, gleaming spear of Doomchitin. With the volatile power freed from [[Aurora]], [[Antar]] reported that she was safe, and her mind would be much easier to weave back together now. He added that he was still reaching out to Lucien as he could, but he had received no response. Once [[Aurora]] was fully healed, he would devote all his resources to finding Lucien so that [[Aurora]] could return to them. To finally let the fallen [[Morning Fae]] rest, [[Celeste]] pierced it with her spear, freeing the [[Morning Fae]] of the [[blood-siren]] curse and breaking the sunblot spell over [[Akalar]]’s farmstead. 

[[Wren]] was disturbed by the revelation [[Nicoletta]] was implanting phylacteries in other [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], but she offered three solutions to neutralize the phylactery. Another being can take the phylactery’s magic in. They would not gain the powers of it, and it would likely have negative consequences to the drinker. Another [[blood-siren]] could take it in, and it would grant them the power of the phylactery themselves. [[Wren]] added that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explicitly wished for her not to do this. The third option was for Sasha’s blood to be fully spilled by another [[blood-siren]] in their true form. This would spill the blood and dispel the magic away from it, rendering it useless to [[Nicoletta]]. [[Wren]] was nervous about the effects the taste and scent would have on the [[blood-siren]], though. Eventually, the group opted for [[Wren]] to absorb the phylactery herself, going against the wishes of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] by granting [[Wren]] a second chance at life, should the circumstance arise. The group disposed of the remaining blood and returned to the beach to reunite with [[Akalar]]’s family.

[[Akalar]] had an emotional and cathartic goodbye to his family, even [[Noki]] conceded that he gets why [[Akalar]] did what he did. He was always looking out for his brother and sister. Lawrek offered that [[Kaliban]] and [[Patricia]] could assist with escorting shipments of purified water to [[Locations/Matar/Inferna/index|Inferna]] and [[Frios]] as a way to assist. Once the goodbyes were said, [[Vespello]] used his magic to warp the party back to the southern gates of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]].

Outside the gates, [[Mirina]] awaited the group. She was dressed in darker Mageroness garb, a long pink feather adorning her hat. She spoke without her usual flamboyance, her mind elsewhere. She brought up to [[Arturo]] a deal she offered him, and he revealed that he was to become one of her true followers. [[Arturo]] explained that [[Mirina]] needed his special abilities and powers to help take down [[the Red Inquisitor]]. He assured them he was still one of them, and he would be there when it mattered most. Before they both departed, [[Mirina]] transformed [[Celeste]]’s amulet and gifted the other four amulets of their own. It would allow them to send [[Mirina]] goods she would pay for, in various manners. 

As [[the Dragonguard]] made their way into the city, [[Vespello]]’s satchel began to rumble… 