[[The Dragonguard]] ventured within the alchemical shop, where they found a small retinue of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] speaking to a man projecting an image of himself magically. The lead [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] seemed to have been collaborating on some experiment with the figure, but she dispelled the image by pulling a small gem from a metal rod, turning to greet her guests.

They met Anise, a Knight-Sergeant they had learned once tried to join the Mage Order, but she was denied for lack of magical prowess. Anise discussed her research at [[Akalar]]’s farm, testing the effects of blood-cursed crops and water. She continued, however, that she was no fool to think she could beat [[the Dragonguard]] in traditional combat, especially if they had already slain the other Sergeants. Anise offered to leave for asylum in the Magerony, wishing to just continue her work so her kind was not snuffed out in their first few breaths. When asked about her collea In return for some gold for travel and her life, she also would free Lawrek from being bloodbound. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed, Anise freed her thrall, and she went on her way, leaving the gem and a third red rune patch behind with a chuckle.

[[The Dragonguard]] could tell the magic in the gem was waning, but they were wary of speaking with the figure on the other end. While they spoke, [[Wren]] deciphered the runes. They were runes for the words, “Fangs”, “Blood”, and “Night”, important tenants for [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. With those parts of the runes singled out, [[Corvus]] could read the negated portions. He said they roughly meant, in Mageron, “Protect this place from those that do not walk these paths.” 

[[The Dragonguard]] eventually opted to have [[Wren]] speak to the figure, while some of them hid and others left the building. [[Wren]] activated the gem, and a misty apparition of [[Calathan]] materialized. The son of [[Nizima]] was working on some sort of spell formula, with [[blood-siren]] blood samples and pendant, alongside strange liquid mixtures. A Mageron loyalist stood behind him. On his right arm, a dark [[Dragons|dragon]] tattoo had been started.

[[Calathan]] seemed confused at the new figure in front of him but spoke as if he knew there were other ears present. It was unclear what in the alchemical building he could see from his end. [[Calathan]] mused about how the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] were dissimilar from the Ivoryborn, being broken down with [[Founders|the Founders]]’ magic then infused with blood and dark magic to be something else entirely. He wondered, however, who could have helped the sirens do such a thing, but he had his own theory. He continued by explaining [[blood-siren]] magic usually didn’t work on Magerons, but he had been using it for his own ends. [[Calathan]] took a finished formula and cast a spell on the Mageron nearby, binding the man to his will. He issued several commands that the Mageron immediately obeyed, and he even mimicked certain gestures of [[Calathan]]’s. With his power demonstrated, he broke the communicating spell.

[[Wren]] pilfered through Anise’s research, finding that she had stolen her own and expanded on it. They discussed [[Wren]]’s unfinished categories of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], in their alternate forms: abere, [[Nicoletta]]’s type that had a very feminine, superhuman look and size to their vampiric form; mara, [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] with power over nightmares and darkness that had spiked features and long claws; baobhan, charismatic, killer [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] that had only a set of slender wings; and strega, witch-like vampires that exuded powerful darkness, usually with multiple sets of wings and horns. [[Wren]] added that she was a strega herself. The rest of Anise’s notes spoke of experiments on keeping [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] in their alternate forms longer, and that these experiments failed, as the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] were unable to return to their [[siren]] form, becoming rabid beasts. The Knight-Lieutenant in charge of [[Akalar]]’s farmstead, Sasha, was referenced as a test subject using the blood-cursed water to retain her intelligence. 

[[The Dragonguard]] decided it was time to face down Sasha at the oasis, hoping they could figure out how to break through the dark barrier. Outside, they found that even though the sun had begun to rise, it was being blotted out by the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]’ spell. At the oasis, they found one of the red runes on the dark barrier, the other two glowing at the other two entrances to the oasis. [[Wren]] was able to pass her hand through the darkness, but no one else could. Eventually, the group deduced that they likely needed to split up and brave each path simultaneously. They split up into groups and each braved the Paths of Fangs, Blood, and Night.

In the Path of Night, [[Vespello]] found himself in a wooded path coated in pervasive, magical darkness. As he moved through the path, hidden [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] struck out with blades from the shadows. [[Vespello]] used his dexterity and abilities to weave through the darkness and dispel the magic cursing the path by absorbing it into himself.

In the Path of Fangs, [[Celeste]] and [[Amalia]] found a path littered with bear traps and spike traps. They used their flying abilities to avoid what they could, all while dodging [[blood-siren]] archer arrows. At the end of the path, [[Amalia]] successfully disenchanted the crystal containing the Curse of Fangs. 

In the Path of Blood, [[Akalar]] and [[Aksell]] had to brave a blood-poisoned path, taking damage to their very core with each step. They had to cut through over a dozen [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] before finally disenchanting the Curse of Blood from the path. 

Once all paths were dispelled, the central oasis clearing was revealed. Five [[blood-siren]] witches were weaving darkness around a large cauldron while a baobhan [[blood-siren]] flew overhead…