[[The Dragonguard]] continued toward the desalination plant. After scouting the facility in raven form, [[Corvus]] indicated there were five [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], one of which seemed to be in charge, bearing a glowing red rune of her vest. Given there was only one entrance to the facility, [[the Dragonguard]] opted to enter, prepared to use [[Wren]]’s power to purify the bloodied salt haze and prevent the further flow of infected water. [[Akalar]] advised the group how to control the pipes and vats, and how to run the purifier.

In the plant, the group found the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] under the lead of a self-righteous Knight-Sergeant named Gianna. A haze of red sat over the building, emanating from the infected salt that had been pulled from blood-infected water. [[The Dragonguard]] drew their weapons and purified what water they could as they fought. During the fight, the salt-haze seemed to empower the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. Eventually, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious.

As she expired, Gianna spoke of how easy [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] was to claim, using blood-infected wine and their “man” on the inside. She also revealed that some of their dark mages were attempting to create another sun-blot spell. With her last words, she warned [[the Dragonguard]] to hurry, for when she failed to report in, their hostages may be in danger. 

[[Akalar]], with the help of his team, finished clearing the facility of fully infected seawater to stem the tide of the magically infected water flowing to the entire farmstead. [[Wren]] cut the fabric bearing the glowing red rune, hoping it would be useful later. With the facility neutralized, the group continued toward [[Akalar]]’s manor.

The manor was crawling with [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], and there were very few ways that went unmonitored. [[Corvus]] provided some venom he had been extracting from his various animal forms that would serve as a deadly agent for the harpoon guns from [[Noki]]. With the envenomed harpoons, [[the Dragonguard]] would be able to breach the manor and take down the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] quietly, at least until the venom ran out. [[Corvus]] and [[Wren]] advised they would monitor the windows and would help any hostages escape as [[the Dragonguard]] worked through the manor, using [[Corvus]]’s various animalistic forms. 

 [[The Dragonguard]] made their way stealthily through the manor, taking out the various [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] as quietly as possible with the envenomed harpoons. While making their way through the first floor, they found [[Akalar]]’s grandson, [[Kaliban]], being kept as safe as possible from the other [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] by none other than [[Patricia]], the [[blood-siren]] who had demanded to accompany the group early in the journey by binding [[Akalar]] to herself. 

They learned [[Patricia]] had used her sway as a [[blood-siren]] to join the mission as an apprentice and decided to keep at least [[Kaliban]] safe while she waited for [[the Dragonguard]] to arrive. It almost seemed that a romance was sparking between the young [[dragonborn]] and [[Patricia]], given how bashful [[Kaliban]] appeared. [[Patricia]] warned them that Siralka and her infant child Kiki had likely been separated, and that the Knight-Sergeant in charge, Noxima, was especially vicious. Before the two departed with [[Wren]] and [[Corvus]] to safety, [[Patricia]] at last broke the [[blood-siren]] spell over [[Akalar]]. 

[[The Dragonguard]] prepared to make their way to the second floor…