[[Akalar]] gathered a few last things from his bedroom and study, then [[the Dragonguard]] made their way to the farmhand village to rescue the rest of [[Akalar]]’s staff.

While sneaking to the village, the group spotted the seneschal for the farmstead, Lawrek. Lawrek, as Siralka had warned, was fully blood-bound and was inspecting a large water tower connected to aqueducts. [[Wren]] offered the idea of drawing Lawrek to them and with the help of [[Flourish|Grace]] magic, she could dispel the blood-binding, at least temporarily. She explained that she had been learning a bit more about [[Flourish|Grace]] magic as they’ve been neutralizing the farm, saying that one property of it is dispelling power. The group agreed, [[Akalar]] lulled Lawrek to sleep with a song, and [[Vespello]] and [[Aksell]] pulled Lawrek to the hidden group.

[[Wren]] temporarily dispelled the magic so Lawrek could explain what had happened. He explained that he was the only one bound by their magic, to a Knight-Sergeant named Anise. Lawrek explained that Anise was a calculating woman, and that the staff was able to cut specific deals with her, at least. The rest of the staff were under the influence of the blood-cursed water only, just making them more susceptible to the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]’ sway. 

The group devised a plan to infuse [[Flourish|Grace]]-enchanted water into the tower, then over-pressurize the aqueducts to blast the farmhands with the water. This would hopefully prevent them from taking up arms against [[the Dragonguard]]. [[Akalar]] manned the water tower while the rest of the group ventured into the village to defeat the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]].

The plan was successful, cleansing the staff of their curse, and they even took up their tools against their captors alongside [[the Dragonguard]]. [[The Dragonguard]] successfully defeated the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] and rescued all of the farm staff. Only Anise remained in the alchemical shop at the end of the village street. 

Before they could venture there, a strange metal staff with a pink crystal landed in the dirt near them, and [[Celeste]]’s pendant from [[Mirina]] grew cold. When the staff was interacted with, a strange man appeared in a flash of pink confetti and smoke. He wore theatrical pink and gold clothing with question marks on his lapels. He wore a swirling moustache and had pink irises himself. 

With ridiculous gestures, he introduced himself as [[Mirina]]’s Showman, a follower of [[Mirina]] there to offer her boons to [[the Dragonguard]] on her behalf. He revealed that [[Mirina]] was indeed a Mageroness on the governing body in the Magerony, and that she had ventured home to partake in some legislative session. 

The Showman then got to the matter at hand: offering [[the Dragonguard]] a boon. He summoned a stage, and as he spoke, the sounds of a crowd echoed from somewhere beyond. The Showman offered three chests with question marks etched upon the lids, but he explained they could choose only one. The rewards within that one chest, however, were theirs to keep, no strings attached. While the group mulled it over, the Showman set down the enchanted microphone, which the crowd seemed able to hear, and further revealed that their “Patron Mistress” was gathering followers not unlike her father’s enchanted minions. Once he was defeated, he explained [[Mirina]] could take up his mantle as [[Inquisitor]], but he was unsure [[Mirina]] even wanted to do so. He pondered what it would mean if the mantle went unfilled before returning to his game. [[The Dragonguard]] finished discussing the chest, took the crowd’s suggestion in mind, and chose one with a spell scroll inside. 

Once the game was finished, the Showman vanished just as quickly as he appeared, leaving [[Corvus]] and [[Wren]] quite flabbergasted at the display… 