[[The Dragonguard]] continued pushing through [[Akalar]]’s manor, eventually finding Siralka’s infant child Kiki being held hostage by a group of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] in [[Akalar]]’s old bedroom. [[The Dragonguard]] dispatched the sirens, then sent Kiki on her way with [[Wren]] and [[Corvus]].

In the bedroom, the group noticed [[Akalar]]’s study, magically sealed. [[Akalar]] unlocked the door with the key he always kept on his person, despite part of him being afraid of what was held within. Inside, [[Akalar]] found walls covered in tackboard and brief notes that seemed to be an attempt at reconstructing his own life across the years. There were gaps in years where no notes existed. [[Akalar]], having no memory of these notes, learned that he would return home after being gone for several years with equipment he didn’t know how to use. Siralka was always the one that seemed to pull him back to reality after these fugue states. 

In the corner of the room, [[Akalar]] found a trunk underneath an empty mead bottle, bottled by Honeyhome Meadery. In the trunk was corsair gear, a pistol coursing with red lightning, and two slips of paper. On one was written the note, “Commune with this pistol if you ever need me again.” The other contained an old newspaper headline, *“Honeyhome Meadery to Shutter After [[Founders|Founder]] Found Killed at Sea”.* [[Akalar]] decided not to commune with the pistol, and the group decided to finish their mission. 

The group found the Knight-Sergeant Noxima holding Siralka hostage in her own bedroom, and it appeared that Noxima had already injured Siralka. [[Akalar]] offered himself as a hostage trade, as Noxima wasn’t foolish enough to fight [[the Dragonguard]] without tipping the scales more in her own favor. [[Akalar]] dropped his weapons and allowed himself to be bound. Siralka fled toward [[Wren]] and [[Corvus]] who were now entering the house from the front door, and the rest of [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons.

[[Akalar]]’s friends unbound him while keeping Noxima at bay, and the group eventually emerged victorious. As Noxima faded, something darker emerged in her eyes, and she told [[Vespello]] that the two of them were not so different. Before her body turned to dark mist, an [[Ebonyborn]] relic materialized in [[Akalar]]’s hands, the vision he received so long ago prevented. [[Vespello]] also retrieved another glowing red rune from Noxima’s vest.

While reuniting with Siralka, [[Akalar]] finally gained more pieces to his own puzzle. When he would return home from his years-long gaps, he would almost be a different person. In his current state, she explained he almost appeared to have created a persona of what his father should have been. He took on a fatherlier approach with everyone, and he played instruments, something [[Akalar]] hadn’t done before. Siralka also explained the darker figure lurking within [[Akalar]]. This figure seemed to take control during one event of abuse from [[Akalar]]’s father. This “other” [[Akalar]] told the child Siralka to run before dealing with the father, permanently. After that, Siralka said [[Akalar]] vanished for a few years. 

Finally, Siralka revealed that she was not his daughter. In fact, she was his sister. She and [[Noki]] were [[Akalar]]’s younger siblings. Younger siblings that he stepped up to take care of, in his own way. These “other” versions of [[Akalar]] that took over at times seemed to not know this. 

Siralka pulled out a necklace she wore from the folds of her clothes. It held a chunk of amber with four seeds contained within. She explained to this version of [[Akalar]] that could not recall his childhood that it was something he made for her. As each new member of their family was added, they planted a seed and sealed the twin within the necklace. Though [[Akalar]] only remembered three seeds, it now held four. The fourth, symbolizing Kiki’s birth, began to glow with [[Flourish|Grace]] magic, alongside [[Akalar]]’s tattoo beginning to warm. Siralka said the necklace was always what seemed to pull him back to the “true” [[Akalar]], but it had never glowed like this before. [[Akalar]] took the necklace, and the room filled with golden light.

 During this brief flash, [[Akalar]] was briefly standing in his own mind, it seemed. He saw two other versions of himself standing in front of him. One was a finely dressed farm manager, lectern with records in-hand. A bright, but tired look in his eyes. The other was a brooding corsair, the look of dark vengeance coating his gaze. [[Akalar]] learned that the farm manager was who he truly was. The older brother that looked out for his siblings, the man that doted on his nephew, the man that grew his parents’ farm into a vast enterprise. The corsair was a darker version of himself, one that was created to protect [[Akalar]] and do things he couldn’t, but that needed to be done. This one introduced himself as the [[Red Scourge]], a brutal, but short-lived pirate captain. 

The memories of both figures began to recomplete [[Akalar]]’s. All three broken shards of his mind began to fill back together. He regained his memory of growing up, of dealing with his father’s abuse, of caring for Siralka and [[Noki]], of doting on [[Kaliban]]. [[Akalar]] also regained the memories of [[Red Scourge]]. First, the memory of his creation. [[Akalar]]’s father was striking Siralka, and [[Akalar]] jumped in the way to take one last hit before the Scourge emerged. Scourge returned the blow against the father, telling Siralka to leave before permanently putting a stop to his father’s abuse. The memory of starting a crusade of vengeance against the [[Founders|founder]] of Honeyhome Meadery, which bottled the drink that brought out the worst of his father. The Scourge was brutal, killing any crew on Honeyhome ships and dumping the mead overboard, even killing his own crewmates that tried to partake in the beverage. Finally, Scourge’s last memory of finding the founder of Honeyhome, Kirn, and drowning him in a barrel of his own creation. As his last, insane act of vengeance, Scourge lit the final Honeyhome ship on fire with himself aboard. 

Though Scourge was hesitant to do so, explaining that he wanted [[Akalar]] to be able to separate him out, for he had done dark deeds, the three versions agreed that each one had a piece of [[Akalar]] that he needed. As one, they could do incredible things and finally be the man everyone [[Akalar]] looked out for needed. The three joined hands and [[Akalar]], at last, was himself. 

Now that the manor was neutralized and safe, Siralka asked to be escorted back to her children. [[Corvus]] took her arm and escorted her out. [[The Dragonguard]] made their way to the treasury, where Siralka said they were storing expensive weapons and armor materials for a deal with master smith [[Vellir]] that had fallen through. As [[the Dragonguard]] gathered the materials and worked on their equipment, [[Akalar]] returned to his study one more time…