The blood-bound [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] ushered the semi-conscious knights out of [[Siren’s Kiss]]. The young front woman was bribed with a simple drop of [[Akalar]]’s blood, and the knights retrieved some of their gear from a nearby chest. The blood-bound and the knights reunited with the other half of the party. 

While hidden behind the blacksmith’s curtains, the party learned from the knights some of the mages were taken to a dark spire on the outer section of the city. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] decided to continue rescuing their crew before heading to the docks.

At the tower, named [[Sanguine Spire]], the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] spotted a ring of windows at the uppermost floor. [[Arturo]] led the way, scaling the tower with the grappling ropes the party had created. Once [[Arturo]] had a ring of ropes leading to the top, the party scaled the tower. On the top floor, they found a dozen people resting in the semi-sunlit room that were blood-bound to [[Nicoletta]]. One warned [[Arturo]] to stay away from “her”, that she was “no good”. [[Arturo]] investigated the man but did not seem to know what he meant. A second person claimed he had been sold out at the second [[Festival of the White Flame]] by the reigning champion, [[Avus]]. He asked the party for one final favor before he passed: that they bring [[Avus]] to justice by any means. The party promised to pay him that kindness. Finally, a third person, seemingly the most recent prisoner, offered to give the party a distraction if they were to descend into the inner sanctum of the tower. He claimed they would need it if they planned on facing the “[[First Sister]]”. The party agreed, giving the man a battleaxe. Afterward, they descended to the ground floor on a magical stone disc that descended. After retrieving [[Vinio]] and two of the knights from outside, they took another disc that descended into the depths of the [[Sanguine Spire]]. 

Underground, they found the [[First Sister]], a blonde [[siren]], performing some ritual on a massive black cauldron filled with blood. The blood seemed to have a magical essence that would hop across the surface like fish leaping from water. Around the cauldron were countless rows of tubes that held many people suspended in a strange fluid. After a moment of waiting, a flash of red lightning flashed in the blood cauldron, seemingly angering the [[First Sister]]. She began to storm to a separate disc to ascend the tower. As she ascended, she happened to spot the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] hiding on a high platform, so she descended off of her disc, sprouting black membranous wings to break her fall, though she did seem to suffer some damage. She goaded the party down into the chamber for a “fair fight”. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] descended from the platform to face the new villain. During the battle, the [[First Sister]] willed the tubes to fire magical projectiles upon the party while she remained levitating above the blood cauldron, which was allegedly one of [[Nicoletta]]’s “phylacteries”, if the prisoners from the top floor were to be believed. Once the party at last defeated the [[First Sister]], she sprouted her black wings, her features elongated to similar characteristics of the strange, feminine statues around [[Atrae]], and she attempted to fly out of the “[[Chamber of Marrow]]”. Her wings gave out from the injury, and she fell into the cauldron of blood, her last words being, “Forgive me, Matriarch.” 

Once the mages awoke from being suspended in the tubes, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] were relieved to find they were not yet blood-bound. The pony-tailed female mage added that her name was [[Wave]], named after the seas of [[Naviga]], and that these sirens, known as “blood sirens” seemed particularly interested in magic users’ blood. [[Wave]] also regretted to inform the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] that she did not know where [[Leo]] nor [[Cassian]] were, but that the crew was being held in a warehouse by the docks. [[Akalar]] had thought to check for a stealthy path when he had ascended the [[Sanguine Spire]], so that they could avoid the blood sirens that were now out and about [[Atrae]] since the moon had risen. 

The party successfully snuck through [[Atrae]], avoiding being spotted by the roaming blood sirens going about their business. Though they now felt the spray of the sea water by the docks, they still only spotted ravens as the ubiquitous wildlife. 

Inside the warehouse, the party saw several groups of [[humans]], [[elves]], and various other races that were blood-bound, moving, sorting, and inventorying a warehouse full of goods. The remaining crew they were searching for appeared to be blood-bound. [[Wave]] noted they would have to find the [[Overseer]] and break her hold on the crew. 

[[Steward Cain|Cain]] checked some of the manifests, noticing that several shipments were missing items, or that the manifests had been altered. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] realized that perhaps the [[Overseer]] could be blackmailed, or even bribed for the crew, to avoid another scuffle. They snuck to the looming [[Overseer]]’s office that overlooked the warehouse. Those blood-bound to [[Wren]] offered to speak to the [[Overseer]].

Inside the office, they found a rather bored [[Blood-Siren]], six knights standing guard. Though the blood-bound [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] tried to issue veiled threats of revealing the [[Overseer]]’s sticky fingers, when they mentioned wanting [[Dieter]]’s crew as the recompense, she rifled through a logbook on her desk. After looking at it and each of the people inside, she saw through the ruse. Though the jig was up, the [[Overseer]] added rather bluntly that she was open to bribery. Though they paid more gold and valuable items than they really wished to, the [[Overseer]] performed a spell on her amulet, freeing the crew, and she said she would not mention a peep of their escape to anyone. 

Once all remaining members of [[Dieter]]’s crew had been reunited, save for [[Leo]] and [[Cassian]], the party began discussing their next move. As they were talking, [[Steward Cain|Cain]] interrupted, two manifests in his hands. He explained he had found the records of [[Lucia]]’s ship, [[Red Midnight]], and [[Nicoletta]]’s ship, [[Sanguina]]. They both had a departure time of mere minutes from then, and both figures would be on board each ship, with five other blood sirens in tow. [[Steward Cain|Cain]] added that they would ideally need to avoid these ships and find an empty one, but with a somber tone, he explained [[Leo]] was listed in the cargo for [[Red Midnight]], and [[Cassian]] in [[Sanguina]]’s cargo. It appeared that [[Nicoletta]] had planned for insurance. [[Steward Cain|Cain]] also handed over the flame-shaped plaque [[Cassian]] had made for the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]], stating he had found it in a nearby container. Though it was a heart-wrenching decision, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] decided that if they had to choose, [[Cassian]] was the wiser person to save. With that, they made their way for one of the bay doors to find the [[Sanguina]]… 