The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]]’ visions cleared to show another vision of [[Zair]], the dark-haired, silver-eyed woman, aboard a fully functioning version of [[The Rigalipio]]. In it, she read a letter she received from [[Selina]], telling her she would reveal everything to [[Zair]] should she get home “to [[Selina]]” safely. At the end of the letter, [[Selina]] told [[Zair]] the Talons were now an obstacle for their “plan” and to eliminate them. 

[[Zair]] reluctantly got to her feet to fulfill the deed, though she seemed distracted, likely from the truth she had learned from [[Korrin]] some time before this vision. When she tried to silence the first of her targets, the man awoke and evaded [[Zair]]’s strikes. In the scuffle, a lantern was knocked over and [[Zair]] was locked in a cabin. As the crew of [[The Rigalipio]] abandoned ship as it sank from the flames, [[Zair]] mumbled one last phrase about her regret over [[Selina]]’s decisions as she passed out on the bed. As the ship sank beneath the waves, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] witnessed an amulet in the shape of a silver [[Dragons|dragon]] open up and start leaking purple magic around her. Yet again, their vision blurred.

It cleared to yet another event of the past. They stood on a coast with [[Korrin|King Korrin]] and his son [[Aurum]] sometime around 0 BD. [[Korrin]] told his son they were looking for an ally. He used his light-and-dark blade to cut through a heavy fog, revealing a similar, ghostly [[The Rigalipio|Rigalipio]]. After [[Aurum]] used his golden [[Dragons|dragon]] wings, he could conjure at will to bring him and his father aboard, the two found [[Zair]] asleep in an upholstered bed. [[Korrin]] cursed, stating that she was already being turned into a servant of [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. He mentioned that she seemed to be fighting back, but that they should seal her away in the hopes someone better could free her in the future. [[Korrin]] had [[Aurum]] slice a bit of his palm that seemed to conjure more golden magic that channeled through their clasped hands to [[Korrin]]’s palm. He ignited four orbs of golden light to conjure the four golden flames the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] recognized that were sealing [[Zair]] in the captain’s quarters in present-day. Once the vision faded, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] were back in the cabins of [[The Rigalipio]]. 

They journeyed to the bottommost deck to find a room split in four by enchanted mirrors. Once they had evenly split into the four corners, three pairs of eyes materialized to attack them. One of silver, one of scarlet, and one of amethyst. Once defeated, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] witnessed a third event.

They were in a castle tower, in a lavish bedroom. In it sat [[Selina]] in a white gown next to [[Zair]] in a sleeveless red gown that matched [[Selina]]’s eyes perfectly. Her right arm was covered a sprawling tattoo of floral designs the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] had not yet seen. [[Zair]] expressed to [[Selina]] her reservations about [[Selina]] marrying [[Korrin]], that he was a schemer. [[Selina]] tried to allay [[Zair]]’s fears by saying that she was in fact a schemer, and that she had her first scheme ready. [[Selina]] added with a smile that she would still be [[Zair]]’s, as the two shared a kiss. 

The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] were then warped to the ceremony, inside the white marble throne room of [[Luxen]], around 18 BD. [[Zair]] stood at the front of [[Selina]]’s line of friends, and she still looked angered. As [[Selina]] and [[Korrin]] turned to their elven officiator to begin the vows, he gave a sly wink to [[Zair]]. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] noticed [[Zair]] slide her hand into her bouquet, nearly grabbing something metallic, but seemed to change her mind at the last moment. The vision faded.

The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] returned to the top deck and found that three of the golden flames had vanished, leaving the final one. After fiddling with the colored powders and the lanterns around the ship, the final wisp of flame vanished once five of the lanterns were lit, and the one at the prow of the ship was colored silver. Another vision appeared of a young, late teen [[Selina]] making her way into the city of [[Luxen]], seemingly having traveled a fair distance. She was accosted by some thugs as the sun set, but the thugs were quickly dispatched with a quite young [[Zair]], her twin blades drawn. She gave [[Selina]] a mischievous smirk and offered to teach her how to use “these”, as she gestured to the blades. The vision faded.

With that, the captain’s quarters were unlocked. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] stepped inside.

Inside, they found the semi-transparent form of [[Sariel]] still contemplating the same upholstered bed they saw in the void-realm, except they now stood in front of it in the real world. [[Sariel]] warned the party that [[Zair]]’s very soul seemed at war with itself, and to prepare themselves. [[Zair]] began to stir. [[Sariel]]’s figure vanished, and the party stepped back onto the deck as [[Zair]] gathered her bearings. 

[[Zair]] seemed to speak in a more sinister tone than what they had witnessed, and her silver eyes had gone to a corrupted shade of amethyst. A purple streak also lined her black hair. On her bare right arm was now a tattoo of a sprawling, inked [[Dragons|dragon]] with glowing silver eyes. She claimed she had a mission to “shatter the mountain”, and that she didn’t recognize any “[[Selina]]”. Seeing there would be no reasoning with this corrupted form of [[Zair]], the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] entered battle.

[[Zair]] dealt a fair number of grievous wounds to some of the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] throughout the fight. Every so often, it seemed as though [[Zair]] entered a sort of stasis where her [[Dragons|dragon]] amulet attempted to restore her vitality with further [[Doom Magic]]. While this was happening, three cloaked figures would try to keep the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] off of her. They were glowing similar colors as the eyes in the cargo hold: silver, scarlet, and amethyst. Using golden chains that sprouted from [[Zair]]’s amulet, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] sealed the figures away and finally depleted the corruption in [[Zair]] until she was defeated. 

As she lay slumped against the railing of the ship, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] witnessed the purple corruption drip away from her eyes, revealing the silver underneath. The purple streak in her hair gave way to black, and the silver eyes in her tattoo glowed brighter. She began to get to her feet as the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] kept their weapons ready, just in case…