The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] rummaged through a crate near a bay dear that had a familiar red lettering addressed to them. Inside, they found yet more boons from supposedly the same mysterious benefactor. Once they finished searching, they made their way out of the warehouse toward the [[Sanguina]], [[Nicoletta]]’s ship.

The dark wooden ship came into view, a small crew, a handful of blood sirens, and [[Nicoletta]] aboard. Once the sirens spotted them, [[Nicoletta]] arrogantly invited them aboard. After a short conversation with her, she commanded her retinue of blood sirens to fight the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] as she observed from the helm. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] cut through [[Nicoletta]]’s blood sirens with relative ease, now prepared to face the Matriarch herself. 

[[Nicoletta]] descended the stairs, arrogantly clapping, unbothered they had just killed some of her people. She added that she needed to even the odds and summoned another ally from below. [[Cassian]] emerged from below deck, still in his [[Naviga|Navigan]] armor and weaponry. His eyes were the blotted out red color of the blood bound. Though he still seemed to be aware of who he was, he apologized that he had no choice but to fight the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]]. Everyone drew their weapons, and the battle began.

The battle was harrowing for the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]]. Though they only rendered [[Cassian]] unconscious, [[Nicoletta]] would frequently use her amulet to revive him back into a fighting state as she danced across the ship with her daggers. Eventually, [[Cassian]] was disarmed and knocked unconscious, and [[Nicoletta]]’s amulet seemed to dry up with magic to continue raising him. Though she nearly defeated some of the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]], they emerged triumphant. [[Vespello|Lette]] dealt a grievous shot to her chest with his pistol, and she began to transform similar to the [[First Sister]]. Her features began to elongate and sharpen, and she sprouted black membranous wings with green accents, matching her eyes. Her amulet glowed red hot. Though she seemed to be in a more powerful state, there was a look of fear in her eyes. She leaped into the night sky to soar away, so [[Vespello|Lette]] fired a couple more shots toward her, though each one missed the mark. [[Nicoletta]] had escaped, but [[Cassian]] had been saved.

[[Dieter]]’s crew bound [[Nicoletta]]’s blood-bound crew and escorted them off the ship, and [[Cassian]] began to stir. It seemed as though his bond was temporarily weakened to [[Nicoletta]], as he explained he was blood-bound to her and could not trust his own actions. He expressed his desire to remain in [[Atrae]] so that he did not have to live a life of confinement and risk killing his own friends, but the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] stood firm in their view that he was safer in their custody. [[Cassian]] reluctantly agreed, as he could not fight, regardless. He merely made one request: that they toss his sword overboard. [[Aksell]] attempted to deceive [[Cassian]] by tossing another blade overboard, but he spotted the deception. It angered [[Cassian]] that they would take him captive and not even honor his only request, but [[Aksell]] eventually fulfilled it. As they got him to his feet to lock him in the [[Sanguina]]’s brig, he announced to [[Steward Cain|Cain]] that he relinquishes his title as Knight-Captain. As the [[Sanguina]] finally began to depart the hostile waters of [[Atrae]], [[Steward Cain|Cain]] noted that the [[Red Midnight]] was already long gone. They set a course for [[Illeta]].

The following day, on the horizon, the crew spotted a bright white light, almost like a star burning in broad daylight. [[Steward Cain|Cain]] explained this was the celebratory flame they always light for the [[Festival of the White Flame]]. He added his estimation was accurate in that the [[Festival of the White Flame|festival]] would begin in a few days. As they gazed at the lovely light, the four [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] blood-bound to [[Wren]] felt the spell fade, and their eyes returned to the normal. 

 As they sailed toward [[Illeta]], [[Steward Cain|Cain]] let the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] know of an uncharted island on the horizon that seemed to have some abandoned structures on it. He said it may be a good spot of respite to resupply. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] agreed, and they sailed toward the fairly small island. As the unmanned dock came clearer into view, the party noticed [[Akalar]] lose his footing. When they checked on him, they found that his eyes had been warped to the same blood-red blot as if he were blood-bound…