[[Turner]] finally finished his walk down the stairs from the upper deck with his metal case in-hand. He silently approached his now deceased first mate and took his old-fashioned pistol from his body. Some crewmates then ran over to take the body below deck. [[Turner]], again, sarcastically greeted his guests. [[The Rectifiers]] began to notice that the heavy rainfall he was causing seemed to not fall around [[Turner]]. He set his case down and motioned to his men. [[Turner]] then just waited. When the group asked him what he was up to, he merely told them to wait a moment. After some time had passed, his crew members rushed aboard with a long dinner table and some cushioned chairs. Shortly thereafter, platters of chicken, pork, and apples were placed in front of them. [[Turner]] took an apple, threw his feet up on the table, and ushered the group to eat before their battle. He added that he assumed only one side will be making it out of the scuffle alive, so why not enjoy one last meal together? [[The Rectifiers]] were hesitant at first, but eventually partook in the food, revitalizing them after such grueling battles on the sea.

When questioned, [[Turner]] explained that he wished to take back the capital of [[Luxen]] while the crown hid away in a mountain. Once he had done that, the people would surely rally behind him, and he could make some changes around the country, as he put it. When the group attempted to belittle his plans, [[Turner]] offered cheeky retorts to them. Even when [[The Rectifiers]] tried to reason with him, telling him surely his kingdom of piracy and greed would not last forever, he replied that he merely needed it to last as long as he lived. After that, he did not care what happened. [[Turner]] was also able to discern that the party needed him specifically for something, for why would the heroes of the land chase after him with more pressing entities hunting them? 

With their undoubtedly odd meal concluded, [[Turner]] had his men take away the table and chairs. He opened his metal case, which erupted in a bright, teal light. From within, he drew a mighty trident. It seemed to perpetually drip mystical water, had wraps of seaweed along the prongs, and enchanted, watery prongs to tip it off. The surrounding water seemingly moved in time with the trident. [[Turner]] grabbed a few of his crew to join him in the battle. 

The group fended off [[Turner]]’s powerful water magic, and before he could deal a grievous blow, [[Amy]] sliced him across the torso. Her enchanted fan dealt a lethal blow and shocked [[Turner]]’s body into instant rigor mortis. Dark charge marks sprawled from his eyes, which laid wide open in shock. His crew slowly approached, whispering incredulously as they did. Hardly a second before the group had calmed themselves out of their battle-fever, something strange began to happen with the trident. 

Water from the storm, deck, and ocean began to materialize into a swirling tornado of water over [[Turner]]’s body. The body inside faded from view, but the trident levitated into the air inside the cyclone. It glowed with the same teal intensity. It flipped downward and impaled [[Turner]]’s corpse. The cyclone began to grow larger and move toward the upper deck. As it went, it tore boards apart and sent crew members flying. Bands of water began to shoot out from the ocean nearby, tearing holes in the ship. [[The Rectifiers]] held on for dear life, but were flung this way and that into holes leading to the cargo hold. The ship had been torn asunder and was barely seaworthy. Once all had relatively settled, the cyclone had grown gargantuan just behind the upper deck, off the ship. It began to fade, revealing a titanous man’s body, bearing some resemblance to [[Turner]]. The body seemed to be made entirely of mystical water and held demonic, glowing eyes. The creature stood over 100 feet tall, towering over the boat.  

The creature introduced itself as the “Grand Agony of the Goddess of the Sea, Undine”. It demanded they all bow down to her grandeur. [[The Rectifiers]] found they could deal some sort of damage to the beast, but it would retaliate quite drastically with its trident. Eventually, cyclones of water would surround the beast, protecting it from all outward attacks. The group decided to investigate the strange, enchanted harpoons [[Turner]] had adorning his vessel. There was a metal slate that seemed to control the machines, but they held jumbled magic runes upon them. Through teamwork and clever thinking, the group was able to unscramble the words to enable the harpoon to fire. When a harpoon struck the Agony, it seemed to deal serious damage. Mixing regular attacks with normal weapons with the occasional shot of a harpoon finally seemed to disable the creature. [[Duma Van]] deftly solved the final set of magic runes and fired the final harpoon straight through the head of the creature. 

The creature roared in agony, falling head-first into the deck of the boat. Water flooded throughout the boat, destroyed what structure it had left. An intense whirlpool materialized, swallowing the Agony, [[Turner]]’s leviathan, and [[The Rectifiers]] themselves...