Once the equipment from the [[Armory of Fire]] was split amongst the party and [[Vint]], the group moved back to the lab to assist [[Vint]] with the ritual. He handed his staff over to [[Karth]] and stepped inside the metal cocoon. Once inside, [[Karth]] pointed the staff to the tool at the tip of the cocoon, and a red light began to flow from the staff. The ground at their feet began to rumble. The party grew anxious at the possibility of the tower being partially destroyed. His [[Dragons|dragon]]-flame stone in hand, [[Karth]] finished the spell without the destruction of the tower. The staff cracked in two; the gem held no more liquid, and the cocoon fell apart, catching flame as it did so.

Out stepped [[Vint]], horns and boney structures flaking until they entirely fell from his body. He let out a previously unseen smile as he ran his hand over his hornless head. He picked up the gem and told the party they should be off. [[Karth]] retrieved the now-filled tool containing the mysterious blood extracted from [[Vint]]. Seeing he was unable to extract the blood into a vial, [[Maron]] offered to try. Strangely, he found himself immediately familiar with the tool and emptied the sample into the vial. [[Vint]] later explained the tool was crafted from [[Doom Magic]]. 

As they descended the tower, [[Maron]] questioned [[Vint]] about his home country. Though there were many words for which [[Matar]]’s language had no equivalent, [[Vint]] explained that his country was ruled by mages. Slavery was rampant. The sun never rose. He painted quite a perilous picture. He also mysteriously explained that he wished to not be called “[[Doom Elf|orc]]”, but “[[Doom Elf]]”. He offered very little explanation other than that his people were once [[elves]] themselves. Outside, the party found [[Mira]] and her mages already waiting.

Attempting to lie their way out of consequences, the party told [[Mira]] the cocoon was already destroyed by the time they arrived at the labs. After probing for more information, [[Mira]] learned of the lie. At this, her mages drew their weapons. [[Mira]] demanded the party explain why she should even let them leave [[Haven]], much less have her vote. They retorted, asking her what she was researching. She answered by saying her mages were researching a way to artificially create healing [[Magites]], without the need for master-level magic. [[Vint]] grumbled his hesitance at this, explaining to the party it would take blood sacrifice for this process, and that that is how it all started in his homeland. [[Mira]] pleaded, saying they only planned on taking volunteers, but that it does not matter at this point, regardless. With tensions calmed a bit, [[Karth]] offered the [[Dragons|dragon]] ring that no longer held enchantment to appease [[Mira]]. Her eyes grew wide at this, saying it was [[Greth]]’s old councilor ring. [[Mira]] explained her people would find the donation of the ring a great deed, and said if the ring was donated to [[Haven]], they would have her vote. Though it pained him, [[Karth]] let the ring go to secure the vote.

The party set off once again south, hiring a ship to whisk them away in the night. The party was accosted by [[goblin|Frost Goblins]] when the crew stopped at the docks near [[Grandos]], but they were dispatched without much cost (though they were nearly as fearsome as [[Captain Jack]] had claimed). After a couple days of sailing, the party found themselves back at the southern gates of [[Luxen]], only a very slight snow falling. 

The party decided to stop at [[Pop’s Shop]], though [[Maron]] and [[Ed]] wished to rush [[Vint]] to the castle. Unfortunately, [[Vint]] refused to be left alone with the two of them, as they previously seemed quite unsure of trying to kill him or not. [[Ed]] and [[Maron]] waited out front as the rest of the party ventured inside to chat with [[Pop]], followed by [[Cavo]], out in the back. There, they found the shirtless son hard at work practicing his swordplay. 

While [[Amy]], [[Karth]], [[Vint]], and [[Azalea]] recapped [[Cavo]] on their trip, green flashes of lightning began to spark at the top of the [[Luxen Observatory]]. The spyglass pointed straight up. After a blinding green light covered the city, an explosion rocked [[Luxen]]. Piles of white stone erupted from the point of the explosion, and a dark dome began to sprout from the spyglass. It covered a whole portion of the city, including the palace. The party, [[Cavo]] included, rushed out of the shop and ran toward the dome. People fled in terror, helped those injured, and tried to move rubble out of the street. The dome and flashes of green lightning almost blotted out the sun, giving a sense of darkness over [[Luxen]] despite it being the middle of the day. With [[Vint]] armed with a new staff and jewel from [[Karth]], the party prepared to enter the dome, as they found it quite viscous and wavering at their touch. Before they entered, [[Maron]] told [[Cavo]] this was over his head, that he needed to stay here and protect these people. [[Cavo]] heartily disagreed and threw a punch at [[Maron]], knocking him off his feet. He offered [[Maron]] a smile and a helping hand up.

Satisfied with their newfound allies, the group ventured into the darkness to save their capital…  [[Haven]]