[[Devan]] broke the tension as he stared at [[Revelrae]] by revealing that he believed that the [[Candidates]] were all members of his adventuring group that journeyed into the heavens at the [[Ancient Skies]] on that fateful day. The group ran through the [[Candidates]] they had faced to try to confirm with their newly turned ally. [[Count Blackrose]] was, in fact, [[Count Blackrose|Yaran]], a knight who wore a gold rose on his chestplate in search of a missed love he never reconnected with. [[Skywalker]] was the strange [[Dwarf]], Dulin, that spoke of the stars. [[Resolutia]] was the [[siren]], [[Katarina]], a storyteller whose [[Anchors|Anchor]] was one of the stories she wrote. [[Cess]], the decaying remains of a person embedded in his minion who spoke in the third person, was the dejected [[Dwarf]] Obsidian that lived in the depths of [[Amanta]]. And finally, [[Revelrae]], was Marcea, an elven artist that always wanted to sing songs of a heroic adventuring group. Though [[Revelrae]] seemed to be in a state of shock and denial, [[Devan]] pushed the topic, saying how she could sing any tune, play any instrument, and really can’t remember her life before “[[Revelrae]]”. She sat, almost in defeat. She couldn’t argue his points.

[[Devan]] continued by saying that each of them must have been imbued with some kind of magic that tied into what they were experiencing at the time, resulting in the corrupted powers they wielded. When asked why some could be turned back while others seemingly could not, [[Devan]]’s best guess was that some of his team were more susceptible to corruption than others, causing different speeds. He finished by saying there were still two unaccounted for members of his party, an older gentleman that invented and crafted his weaponry, and a young knight who had been under [[Amy]]’s spell at the time. [[Amy]] was unsure how to take this news, for she assumed the first person on which she had used her powers had been torn away so easily. She assumed him long dead. She knew not how this would interact with the new life she had carved out. 

The party theorized that the older inventor could perhaps be the entity running the airship, and the knight could perhaps be the strange silhouette that gazed upon them as they fled [[Luxen]]. Though that left one [[Anchors|Anchor]], according to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], unaccounted for. Even though they could continue mulling things over, [[The Rectifiers]] decided it was time to return to [[Amanta]]. [[Revelrae]] added that ships had been left for them to return whenever they finished dealing with [[Weaver]]. Before they left, [[Beckett]] gifted the group a magical horn. When the horn was blown in open-air, it would alert [[Beckett]] that the time drew near for the siege of [[Luxen]]. [[Beckett]] said when he heard the horn, he would gather his own forces, get the fighters that were sent to [[Ibolus]] to battle the [[goblin|goblins]], and the shades that had sworn allegiance as well. They would all take the river up to [[Luxen]] to join forces. With that, [[Revelrae]] saw the party to the docks for their return voyage to the new capital. She remained on the docks, seemingly not coming with them. They waved goodbye, unsure of her thought process, though she put on a smiling face for some young fans that came to say hello. 

The group returned to [[Amanta]] through the hidden tunnel, finding [[Sandon]] and [[Harin]] awaiting them in the underground canal. The two escorted them back to the crystal castle in the center of the Dwarvenium. They spotted that the district high above near the [[Ancient Skies]] was nearing completion, and they learned a bit about [[Harin]]’s brother, who had passed years ago. The group entered the new throne room to find all their allies gathered around a table discussing plans with [[Harvey]], the legal expert [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] had recruited from [[Triven]].

[[The Rectifiers]] recapped their allies on what had happened and learned a few bits of news that involved them. [[Sarin Kor]], the [[Minotaur]] who was raised by [[Sariel]] who had been made a head researcher, had recently discovered something he wished to share with [[The Rectifiers]]. Additionally, a “Lord” Efreet, who lived in a castle in the Obsidian Depths of [[Amanta]], had something he wanted to offer [[The Rectifiers]]. [[Harvey]] added that there was no Efreet in the title listings. The message said that upon arrival to the Depths, a wisp of flame would guide them. Finally, [[Harvey]] pushed [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] to broach the topic of the crown. A vote would need to be held with all related parties: the [[Knight Order|Knight Orders]], the [[Mage Order|Mage Orders]], the Councilors, the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]], and [[The Rectifiers]]. [[Harvey]] stated that the actual method of vote counting would be decided at the convention, but he had already sent the summons out for the representatives to arrive upon the successful recapture of [[Luxen]], should that happen. He also pointed out that should the capture of [[Luxen]] succeed and the [[Saren|Harbinger]] be stopped, this vote would be the last act of [[The Rectifiers]]. They would be disbanded. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] seemed disinterested in the topic at the time, given more pressing matters. 

Before they separated to speak to [[Sarin Kor]], the group asked [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] again about the strange power she seemed to reawaken with the return of her old earrings. She summoned a wisp of the white flame saying she knew not where it came from. She had the power as a child, but lost touch with it over time. The earrings seemed to rekindle that white flame. They asked her if it was an inherited trait, to which she replied that she never knew her blood parents. Since she was a baby, she was raised by parents that were not her true blood. [[Vint]] also asked after [[Revelrae]]. When told she stayed behind, [[Vint]] seemed slightly displeased, more so than his usual demeanor. This began to make the party wary of why she stayed. They left to speak with [[Sarin Kor]].

Inside his research tower, they found the book [[Sariel]] had given him, the twin to [[Saren]]’s from [[Audrea]]’s vision in [[Weaver]]’s tower. This one was bound in white leather and had golden runes glowing on the pages, similar to the ones that appeared in [[Weaver]]’s realm to help them dispel his incantation. On the pages, a single, small flower was blooming. It had glowing golden petals. [[Sarin Kor]] explained that he believed this magic was the opposite force to [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. His running theory was that it would appear near acts of heroism, or acts of pure heartedness. He even believed the world had seen this magic before, they just never knew that’s what it was. [[Sarin Kor]] coined it as “[[Flourish]]”, a name to show its defiance to [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. He added that though it may not be quite as strong as the evil they faced, that’s never stopped the heroes of [[Matar]] before. 

Before leaving [[Sarin Kor]]’s tower, they had the [[minotaur]] send a letter to Councilor [[Beckett]] to inquire after [[Revelrae]], for they now grew truly wary of where her loyalties lay. [[The Rectifiers]] began to believe she may not even be aware of being a pawn of [[Saren]]. [[Sarin Kor]] also mentioned that he had assisted the master smith they rescued from the [[Magerony]] on repairing [[Skywalker]]’s cylinder. With this, [[The Rectifiers]] journeyed off toward the back courtyard of the crystal castle to [[Vellir]]’s new smithy. 

At [[Vellir]]’s, [[Maron]] underwent a magic ritual that had been prepared by [[Sarin Kor]] using a bit of the golden magic he had found. [[Vellir]] took a “heroic” sacrifice from [[Maron]] in the form of blood to fill a tiny crystal with golden magic. Once placed inside the metal cylinder retrieved from [[Skywalker]], [[Vellir]] was able to finish repairing it. Once activated, a golden blade of light emitted from the cylinder, which would cut through armor and flesh as well as or better than any sword. [[Vellir]] also added that this blade was powerful, but probably not quite as strong as one from wherever this blade came from. [[Maron]] equipped his new weapon, careful to not wave around the dangerous beam of light. Afterward, [[The Rectifiers]] returned to the throne room to speak to [[Aurum]] and [[Selina]].

[[Selina]] offered a bit of insight on why [[Saren]] may be hunkering down in [[Luxen]]. She stated that the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] wanted to perform his rituals from the [[Ancient Skies]], and it was possible [[Saren]] may have similar goals with regard to [[Luxen]]. She pointed out that they are not yet in a full-fledged [[Doom Event|Doom]], and [[Saren]] may be hoping to truly begin it there. [[Gale]] also brought up the topic of meeting the [[Bloodied Heroes]] to [[Aurum]]. She gifted the blade [[Resurrection]], last wielded by [[Aurum]] to finally slay the [[Allunaris|Doomking]], back to [[03. Aurum|Aurum]], who stated that the blade did feel better in his hands now. Before leaving, the group invited [[Selina]] to join them to meet [[Lord Efreet]]. The lot departed to the marketplace to resupply before journeying to the [[Obisidian Depths]].

While the party resupplied, [[Amy]] took gold investment offers from her fellow [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] to stand up a brothel and safe house in [[Amanta]]. She took the gold to [[Harvey]], who said he will look into plots in the [[Diamond Dwarvenium]] with the down payment she offered. With all their business settled, [[The Rectifiers]] and [[Crownguard]] [[Selina]] journeyed to the Depths. 

Upon arrival, a dark red wisp of flame did indeed levitate toward them to guide them toward [[Lord Efreet]]’s castle. Once they had rounded a few corners and traveled a few streets, passing by mercenaries and adventurers of all sorts, they spotted the castle. It was surrounded by dark stone walls with red metallic gates. The castle itself had two towers, each topped by a large, dark red flame ever-burning. The tops of the walls held smaller flames. Along the tops of the castle and draped over the walls were dark red banners. At the gates stood two guards in black coats. In the folds of their coats was a silver piece of metal, barely peeking out. The guards glanced at [[Selina]], given she did have horns, wings, and a tail, but allowed the group inside the castle.

Indoors, they were escorted up a large staircase toward [[Lord Efreet]]’s office. A salamander with dark red scales and a tongue of flame scurried by. Inside the office, they were greeted by [[Lord Efreet]], an elderly [[dragonborn]] with deep red scales. He told the party he had two offers to make them, the first of which being a contraption he and his associates had crafted. Two more dark-coated men wheeled in a large ballista with a white-hot burning missile loaded. It seemed to burn perpetually. Efreet stated he knew the group needed a solution to the flying airship over [[Luxen]]. He said it would not destroy it entirely, but should be strong enough to bring it to the ground. In return, he offered two options as payment: the assassination of rogue associates from his “group” somewhere near [[Ignis]] or the recovery of a flame demon’s heart from deep below [[Amanta]]. [[The Rectifiers]] decided they would not kill on behalf of strangers for an unjust cause, so they opted for the slaying of the flame demon. Efreet said his men would conjure a portal just outside the demon’s lair for convenience. 

When asked about his second offering, he told the group that would have to wait until their first deal had concluded. With that, he stepped into a room behind his chair with a very slight opening of the door. The only glimpse of what was inside was a brief shine of light blue light before he shut the door behind him...