With the help of the strange, electric clicks, [[The Rectifiers]] were able to successfully complete the contraption atop [[Weaver]]’s tower. The platforms moved together and glowed white hot, eventually revealing a [[Dragons|dragon]] with colorless scales. The group discovered that as each one imbued themselves with the [[Dragons|dragon]], its scales changed colors. They took to the skies to chase their target.

In the bleak skies in this realm of [[Doom Magic|Doom]], [[The Rectifiers]] had a battle of magic astride their manufactured [[Dragons|dragon]]. [[Weaver]] would conjure magical armors to protect Render, which could be countered by certain imbuements from [[The Rectifiers]]. Each set of armor on Render seemed to tie to the story of each person in the battle. At last, the colorless [[Dragons|dragon]] dealt a serious blow to Render, causing him to begin spiraling down. Acting quickly, [[Weaver]] conjured a large, enchanted book to swallow the group whole. With a snap, he also disintegrated [[The Rectifiers]]’ beast. The book swallowed all the combatants. 

Standing on top of an open book covered in glowing purple runes, [[The Rectifiers]] readied their weapons. Render clambered over the edge of the book, anchoring himself with his claws. [[The Rectifiers]] struck true, withstanding Render’s fire and claws, as well as [[Weaver]]’s blasts of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] runes. The battle was finished by a grievous slice across Render’s claw, slicing it completely off its limb. Render leapt up, flying back to allow [[Weaver]] to prepare an ultimate spell. 

He spoke in his smooth voice an ominous prediction, “And lo, [[The Rectifiers]] sealed their own [[Doom Magic|Doom]] far below, in the abyss.” The incantation itself hovered in the air in front of them, but the words “sealed”, “[[Doom Magic|Doom]]”, “below”, and “abyss” all glowed intensely purple. The sentence began to pulsate, hurting [[The Rectifiers]] with each pulse. Four sets of jumbled letters cracked through the pages of the book. These glowed intensely gold, a magic [[The Rectifiers]] hypothesized counteracted [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. It seemed this magic was cracking through the realm as [[Weaver]] and Render grew weaker. [[The Rectifiers]] thought quickly to unscramble the enchanted words. They then used these words to replace the [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-laiden ones of [[Weaver]]’s spell to create the new spell, “And lo, [[The Rectifiers]] made their own fate far above, in the heavens.” 

The spell scorched Render and [[Weaver]] both in a golden glow of fire. Golden fireballs began to fall through the realm, hitting pages and scrolls that began to materialize into a makeshift bridge. [[The Rectifiers]] chased [[Weaver]] and Render down this bridge, burning pages falling in all directions. 

They reached the end of a burnt scroll. [[Weaver]] summoned a wall of [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-laiden runes to protect himself as he tended to Render. He also conjured a black slate that levitated toward his opponents. The black slate held an enchantment that summoned forth a foe [[The Rectifiers]] thought they had dealt with for the final time: [[Borum]]. Again, the group had to defeat this conjured spirit of [[Borum]], besting him yet again. 

With [[Borum]]’s defeat, the black slate slammed to the ground and warped into white with a golden quill next to it. It seemed [[The Rectifiers]] could turn this magic against [[Weaver]] and summon forth an ally. Knowing virtually no other choice, [[The Rectifiers]] wrote upon the slate “[[Londo Artlatta]]”. A swirl of white magic funneled upward to materialize into a conjuration of their fallen commander. He brandished his blade and tattoo, lit the blade aflame with a dark red fire, and rushed toward Render and [[Weaver]]. He easily cut through the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] runes and struck cleanly through Render’s neck, severing the beast’s head. Render’s wings spasmed as the body of the creature collapsed atop [[Weaver]]. The conjuration of [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] gave [[The Rectifiers]] his familiar smile and vanished as quickly as he appeared. 

[[Weaver]] crawled out from the remains of his companion, his fancy clothing torn, bloody, and scorched by gold flames. He managed to get himself to one knee, telling [[The Rectifiers]] that though they will defeat him, they have no chance of winning against [[Saren]] and [[Doom Event|the Doom]] itself. [[Gale]] stepped forward and slammed her boot upon [[Weaver]]’s chest, pinning him to the ground. Before she could retort, a shimmering gold light began to flake away from where her boot had planted. It was chipping away at the dark shades of [[Weaver]]’s doublet, revealing a lighter color beneath.

“What is this magic?\!” [[Weaver]] exclaimed, scurrying backwards. [[Gale]] persisted, grabbing his hood, for she had her own hypothesis. The hood also cracked away, revealing instead of scholarly hood of white silk. She threw back [[Weaver]]’s hood entirely to reveal a familiar face. The man had shorter hair that seemed to once be regularly styled, but no longer. It was warped to a dark hue, the man’s eyes corrupted into the purple shade of [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. [[Gale]] stood face-to-face with the brother she had lost at the [[Ancient Skies]]: [[Devan]] of [[Luxen]]. Overwhelmed by emotion, she grabbed [[Weaver]] in an embrace, bathing the entire realm in golden light. The act tore away the corruption [[Devan]] had suffered. It returned his hair to his normal brown shade. It corrected his eyes to their original, green shade. [[Gale]] helped her now awakened brother to his feet as [[Scorna]] quickly grabbed the book bound in dragonwing leather that appeared to be [[Devan]]’s [[Anchors|Anchor]]. With no evil remaining in the realm, it collapsed, returning everyone to the manor atop the hill in [[Navis]].

[[Devan]] seemed to remember everything he had done. [[Gale]] tried to console him and explain it wasn’t truly his fault for [[Luxen]] nor [[Navis]], not truly. He explained that he remembered very little of what happened when the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s realm began to collapse with [[Doom Magic]], but he did say that [[Saren]] was very particular about keeping the [[Candidates]] separate. While [[The Rectifiers]] thought this made sense, [[Devan]] had some instinct telling him there was another reason. He wished to see any of the [[Candidates]] the group had told him were “purified”. [[The Rectifiers]] and the once-[[Candidates|Candidate]] left the manor to return to [[Navis]] proper. The town seemed to be almost fully rebuilt from when Render rained purple flames upon it. A sign that [[The Rectifiers]] had been gone longer than they wished. Once in town, they quickly hailed one of [[Beckett]]’s knights.

The knight seemed elated by their appearance, and he told the group that it was now early spring, that they had been gone for a couple of months. The knight escorted them to the councilor building, an immense, gated building of white stone. Before he left, he asked [[The Rectifiers]] to be careful. He said the people of [[Matar]] need them. With these words of encouragement, [[The Rectifiers]] stepped inside and up the stairs toward what was currently [[Beckett]]’s office.

[[Beckett]] met them at the top of the stairwell, offering them a hero’s welcome. He congratulated them on their victory, told them they were considering replacements for [[Turner]], and received [[Turner]]’s councilor ring back from [[Scorna]]. They all stepped into the open-air office where they were met with a sea breeze and [[Revelrae]], who leaped from her chair to embrace the group. As she methodically moved down the line, she paused at [[Devan]] with a look of confusion and shock. 

“[[Gale]]…” [[Devan]] began. “I know why [[Saren]] kept us separate,” he said ominously, staring straight into [[Revelrae]]’s pink-purple eyes...