An immense sea creature sprouted its tentacles out of the moat when [[Amanta]]’s soldiers began to rush across the earthly bridge. The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] kept it at bay on one side while the [[Crownguard]] covered the other. With their combined might, the [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] slashed away several of the appendages and dealt a grievous blow to the beasts head, killing it. Once it bellied up, the moat even began to clear to its uncorrupted blue shade water should have. With the beast defeated, [[Amanta]]’s knights and mages safely made it into the eastern square to set up a defensible position for the various heroes of [[Matar]] to filter in and out of the city. 

[[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and [[the Rectifiers]] assigned both [[Amanta|Amantan]] forces to hold the eastern square, Gora Thu’s [[minotaur]] mages to set up a medical checkpoint in the square, [[Garlan]]’s hunters to scout the south and west of the city, the [[Luxen]] forces to assist the southern groups, and the townspeople to help the dwarves build a defense. Once that was settled, [[the Rectifiers]] decided to march northward first, bringing [[Mira]]’s mages from [[Haven]] and [[Creft]] and [[Daren]] to fight alongside them against whatever captain awaited. The group marched north toward the [[Luxen Observatory|observatory]] with [[Mira]] and her mages easily burning away any enemy that dared leap out from the alleys. 

The [[Luxen Observatory|observatory]] was covered in a thick purple mist and crystals of [[Doom Event|Doom]] sprouted from the stone. [[Mira]] had her mages set up in the courtyard, conjuring magical barriers to keep enemies off [[the Rectifiers]]’ backs. [[The Rectifiers]] and their two allies journeyed inside. They found the receptionist they met long ago, but she was now corrupted by the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] herself. She ominously welcomed [[the Rectifiers]], and ushered them up the magical lift to meet their foe: [[The Lord Hunter]]. 

[[The Lord Hunter]] was a finely-armored, highly decorated [[Archmage]]. At his side were other, intimidating mages. All were far-corrupted by the [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. [[The Lord Hunter]] offered words of discouragement to [[the Rectifiers]], saying that they all would soon join them in [[Doom Event|Doom]]. He also mentioned offhand that though they have defeated plenty of [[Candidates]], they have never faced a full-fledged [[Candidates|Doomlord]] like the [[Lord Commander]]. Hearing enough of his evil predictions, [[the Rectifiers]] drew their weapons to slay the mages. The battle was harrowing, and the mages threw master-level spells at [[the Rectifiers]]. They suffered wounds, but [[the Rectifiers]] eventually prevailed over the first of the three captains. As the blood left his body, his entire being dematerialized into purple mist, and it fled out of the [[Luxen Observatory|observatory]]’s open roof toward the center of the city. [[Mira]] was disappointed [[the Rectifiers]] did not choose her to fight alongside them, but she said she would not hold a grudge for too long. The lot of the heroes spotted [[Garlan]]’s hunters fire their two flares: one in the southern market, and one in the colosseum to the west. [[Mira]], her mages, [[Creft]], and [[Daren]] would hold the northern section of the city while [[the Rectifiers]] continued to sweep [[Luxen]].

[[The Rectifiers]] marched back south, picking up [[Donnell]]’s [[Triven]] mages, [[Talla]], [[Calathan]], and [[Revelrae]]. [[Donnell]]’s mages, much like [[Mira]]’s, eviscerated any minions of [[Doom Event|the Doom]] that crossed their path. As the group reached the southern market, another heavy purple mist covered this section of the city. A battle was already raging, shades, [[Beckett]]’s knights, and [[Vint]] leaping out between buildings to avoid arrows raining down from above. [[Vint]] grouped up with [[the Rectifiers]] in a side alley, informing them that he and the southern forces had been split in two by the [[Doom Event|Doom]] Captain. He was an archer, commanding his forces from the rooftops. [[The Rectifiers]] would have to battle atop the roofs of the southern market. Letting [[Revelrae]] and [[Vint]] reunite momentarily before rejoining the battle themselves, [[the Rectifiers]] allied with [[Calathan]] and [[Talla]] to climb to the roofs.   
They found their next captain a few buildings away, similarly decorated as [[The Lord Hunter]]. He was an archer, wielding a finely-crafted, crystalline bow. He had a few intimidating archers at his side. The figure was [[Lord Capturer|The Lord Capturer]], and he seemed almost insulted it took the heroes so long to face him. Jokingly, [[the Rectifiers]] said they went for the weakest last. The [[Lord Capturer]] replied that flattery would not work here, but it was indeed appreciated. With their jests concluded, the two sides entered battle. 

The archers fired explosive shots, deadly cloaked projectiles, and even rained fire over the heroes. [[The Rectifiers]] made much quicker work of this group than the previous one, partially thanks to [[Talla]], who performed exceptionally with her dual-daggers. She even slayed The [[Lord Capturer]] himself, driving both of her daggers straight into his neck. This Lord dematerialized similar to the [[Archmage]]. With this Lord defeated, the blotted [[Doom Magic|Doom]] storm raging above cleared away from the south, and the mist abated. Many of the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] archers fighting below even fell dead at the destruction of the archer captain. Two of the [[Lord Commander]]’s captains were slain, and next, [[the Rectifiers]] would journey west to slay the final...