After dispatching [[Count Blackrose]] in his cursed realm, the party slowly came into focus back in his office. Shadows flew by at a rapid pace, eventually slowing. When the party finally fully materialized in the office, they found [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] searching, weapons drawn. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] explained that he and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] were gone longer than they expected and were told that the party never returned to the palace after 3 weeks. The party briefly mentioned the rose, and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] took it in her arms and said they should be off.

While traversing through the [[Luxen]] streets at night, the party noticed [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] wore their hoods and were looking over their shoulders often. When they reached the market square on the [[Royal Road]], a group of guards surrounded them. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] explained that they were most likely sent by [[Vis]] to kill him and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] partnered to fight one side while the party fought the other. Upon being slain by the last man, the guards’ armor shimmered to appear like normal armor rather than [[Luxen]] City Guard armor. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] ushered the group back to the palace.

Atop the southern tower holding [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s chambers, the party explained everything that had happened. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] retired to [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s room. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] returned information that he had been organizing a special footnote of law [[Aura]] had left when she reorganized the kingdom. This footnote was put in place for situations such as this where the kingdom was withering under a poor leader. The Lord of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] could call a vote of councilors to institute a group known as [[The Rectifiers]]. These men and women would hold special power to supersede the monarch’s decisions and reported directly to the Lord of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]]. Though they were a restorative force, they could remove corruption where they see fit. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] explained he wanted to offer the party this responsibility, making them the first [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] in history. The kingdom needed it now more than ever, especially if a [[Doom Event|Doom]] was on its way. Though [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] was overwhelmed by the information that the party had given him, he said there were a few things that needed investigation and would nail the coffin shut on his trust of the party.

In the northern city of [[Haven]], a group of [[Doom Elf|Orcs]] have taken up residence in [[Greth]]’s old tower, though they had killed no one. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] said the councilor there wanted to help, but she could not leave the city while this was going on. In [[Luxen]], [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] said they could speak with a young fellow at the [[Luxen Observatory|observatory]] who had been spewing crazed words that he had seen signs of the [[Allunaris|Doomking]], perhaps not sounding so crazy now. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] additionally mentioned that the councilor of [[Pravus]] had arrived, but he had a strange look in his eyes and slept virtually the entire day. He worries that this could be a bigger problem for his city, as he had not given any sort of update for some time. At this point, [[Azalea]] revealed she was held prisoner by this councilor and forced to marry him. She was abused for years and only luckily escaped before the events at the [[Ancient Skies]]. The party began to think they could use this to their advantage. Finally, after hearing information about [[Vesselia]] and [[Ed]]’s amulet, he mentioned a strange fellow had been reported lurking around [[Inferna]], perhaps worth investigating. While [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] and the party sorted through all the information they had been given, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] burst forth from [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s room. Her eyes were glazed over, and she slowly made her way toward [[Ed]], her hand outstretched toward him. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] held her back but could not talk her out of it. [[Vesselia|Ves]] also seemed to be in a similar sort of trance. [[Ed]]’s amulet began to levitate from his neck, reaching toward [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] mainly, but occasionally shooting toward [[Vesselia|Ves]] as well. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] offered to knock [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] out or let her touch the amulet. [[Ed]] reluctantly agreed, but said [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] could not keep the amulet. Upon [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] touching the amulet, a blinding red light filled the room.

When the light faded, the party saw [[Ed]], [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], and an extra figure lying on the floor. The extra figure had deep red horns, a pair of wings, and a tail of matching color. She had long, dark hair. She got to her feet, looking over her hands, seemingly disoriented. At the woman’s hip were two blades forged to look like [[Dragons|dragon]] wings. She asked where she was, and the party told her. The woman then asked “when” they were. The party answered, saying that it was about 50 years after the end of The [[Third Doom]]. She laughed at this, saying it took longer than she expected. At this, [[Gale]] raised her gun and pointed it at the figure. She fired, though the intruder dodged, saying she had seen that gun before.

The figure revealed that she was the former Queen, [[Selina]], revived from the piece of herself found in the gem. The party was on edge at this revelation, understandably so. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] did not wake, though [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] tried. He carried her to his chambers. 

[[Selina]] took a seat, absentmindedly toying with her horns and wings. She told the party that she did not wish to cause any trouble. In fact, she wished to right the wrongs she had made in the past. [[Selina]] said that she was younger now than when she died and now had the [[Half-Dragon]] features she was previously born without. She seemed especially ecstatic about her newfound appendages. Seeing [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] unconscious, she explained that for such a perfect resurrection, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] had to be related to her somehow. She also revealed that when she became the [[Selina|Doomqueen]], the humanity she had forsaken was shattered by the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] and sent across the world as a failsafe. This amulet held one such piece, perhaps her best piece. 

Following what she said she wanted, she revealed information about [[Doom Event|the Doom]], saying [[Count Blackrose|Blackrose]] was a “[[Candidates|Candidate]]”, someone who had the potential to become a [[Candidates|Doomlord]]. It was also revealed that his rose, which frequently slammed itself against the glass case it was in, was an “[[Anchors|anchor]]”, an item that allowed a [[Candidates|Candidate]] to remain anchored in reality. The former [[Selina|Doomqueen]] explained that this item needed to be purified by a new master claiming it or destroyed at a ritual site that had since been lost. With this information given, she began to leap around the room, trying out her new wings and tail. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] returned, saying [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] still drew breath, but would not wake. 

As the party and [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] decided what to do about [[Selina]], she interrupted, asking them to send her off to help. To prove herself. As this was discussed, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] activated a new level of the tower from the magical lift, saying this would be the party’s new abode, as he did not trust the palace’s guest manor with [[Vis]] watching. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] also dispelled an illusion near the fireplace, revealing a new room full of armor, weapons, bookshelves, and shelves of liquor. There was room and furniture enough to sleep one person. He reluctantly agreed to allow [[Selina]] to stay here, stating that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] would kill him if she knew he had this extra room.

The party left for their section of the tower to think things over. They argued and made their respective points as they cleaned the cobwebbed, unused chamber. The symbol in the magical lift and above the entry door was that of a hand. Seemingly satisfied with the decision they had made to perhaps give [[Selina]] a chance, the party retired to their new rooms, a scarlet sun beginning to rise on the horizon…