Whisked away by a spell, [[The Rectifiers]] found themselves back in the ominous tower after entering the door to follow the [[Dragons|dragon]]’s spirit. They now saw that the Lonesome Tower’s door was sealed magically. Deciding to try that door again later, they journeyed to the door labeled “Ritual Site”. 

They landed in a desert of black sand. They were in a ring of large [[Doom Magic|Doom]] crystals, wreathed in black flames. In front of them was a stone altar with shining [[Doom Magic|Doom]] runes etched onto the surface. In front of the altar was an armored and cloaked figure. His plate had a deep red and purple shimmer to it, and his cape had runes of similar colors shining upon it. The group spotted a familiar blade at his hip, its large red jewel now being corrupted by veins of [[Doom Magic]]. The figure turned and offered vague words that explained he was waiting for them for some time, that the last time they saw each other he fell. At last, the group remembered the figure in front of them was [[Borum]], he who saved [[Maron]] in childhood and slew [[Ed]]. 

When he raised his helmet’s visor, the group saw his eyes had been corrupted by the two magic powers with which he was trifling. One had been corrupted by a deep red fire magic, while the other with [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. He pulled forth [[Maron]]’s old woodsman axe and offered it to him, stating he could grant [[Maron]] all the power he would need to save anyone he desired. [[Borum]] added that he wished to supplant the [[Saren|Harbinger]], that he could do a better job, but he needed a vassal before he could claim this power. The way he spoke of the power was odd, saying it was [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-touched but something different entirely. He assured [[Maron]] he would not be compelled to do his bidding. 

[[Maron]] considered the offer for a time, but he eventually decided to turn it down. [[Borum]] was disappointed, for he knew that it had to end in a duel to the death. And so it did. At the end of the battle, [[Borum]] almost seemed proud of [[Maron]] as he struck him down.

Once [[Borum]] was dealt with, [[Maron]] slammed his axe into the altar, cleaving it in two. With that, the party was transported back to the looming tower foyer. [[Maron]] was now adorned in a glowing cape with the sun of [[Luxen]] and a golden-silver battleaxe that his hatchet had apparently transformed into. With the Ritual Site complete, the group returned to the Lonesome Tower.

The single tower allowed them entry this go around, and they found an ethereal woman lonely lounging on the top floor. The light she gave off matched [[Azalea]]’s eye color. The woman seemed torn between staying in the tower where she had a comfortable, noble life or leaping from the window for the chance at adventure. Having experienced this herself, [[Azalea]] encouraged the woman to choose the life of adventure. With a bit of convincing, the woman agreed, sliced her noble gown with a rapier, and leaped from the window. With that, the party was returned to the tower foyer. [[Azalea]] now found herself adorned with a red scarf (an accessory women who partnered with women would gift one another) and a red-metaled rapier. Like the other areas, the door to the Lonesome Tower was now gone. Only a smooth stone stood in its place. 

[[The Rectifiers]] pushed on, choosing [[Mythos]] as their next door. Inside, they were warped to a ghostly wood. Pale fog covered the spindly trees, reaching out with their deadly branches. They found [[Moran Thil]] caretaking a sick [[minotaur]] woman. He explained that the woods were warped, different. He did not recognize this section of the forest near [[Mythos]] any longer. Something evil was lurking in the wood, ailing the poor woman. He bade them protect her while he hunted specific herbs she would need to stay alive. While he was away, strange, ghostlike minotaurs levitated out from the trees. These minotaurs were ominous beings, levitating in the air, their proportions warped. Their appendages were too long, their horns too sinister and drooping downward. In their hands they bore scythes with handles of a white wood. The blade seemed to be some evil mixture of bone and metal. 

During the battle, the strange [[minotaur]] reapers were phased into [[The Rectifiers]] and the [[minotaur]] woman, draining their life force the longer they stayed. [[Maron]] stayed nearest the woman while his allies fought. He took the brunt of the life draining, keeping the woman safe. Once his allies had slain the largest abomination, the others were dispelled, though the woods still did not seem settled...

