With [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] ready to encrypt and hide the original spell [[Founders|the Founders]] had used to warp the original [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] [[humans]], [[the Dragonguard]] ventured back into the temple to rest and resupply. During their day, they restocked needed supplies and checked in on their allies. They learned that Aifa had been tasked to begin arranging a fleet of ships, while [[Carla]] asked to join her “uncle” [[Vespello]] on their next quest. The party heartily agreed and rested for the evening.

The following morning, they ventured back to the war room for the meeting of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s inner circle to discuss their next move. To begin, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] gifted each of the [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] members of her Court a silver ring with a [[Dragons|dragon]] spiraling around it. She called these Helixmender Rings, and they would protect against the spell they had found, the Helixbreaker Spell. To discuss next steps, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stated that they needed both good standing with the crown and proof or information of their Silver-Eyed foe. She offered [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]] as the next spot to visit, being a city [[Founders|Founder]] [[Artlatta]] regularly visited. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] wagered [[Artlatta]] may have hidden away important information there, especially if she was one of [[Founders|the Founders]] that [[Allunaris]] said turned against the group. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stated she would join them on this trip, while [[Corvus]] and the other four of her Magerons would stay near [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]] to discern how stringent [[Amanta]]’s security is. Both groups would then rendezvous at the [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]] Ruins. 

[[The Dragonguard]] also noticed [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had vials of blood along her belt. She offered to use her magic to send them quickly and discretely to the waters just outside the [[Frozen Lagoon]], if they were comfortable with the use of that magic. They were hesitant at first, but after they were assured the blood was not [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] and was given willingly, [[the Dragonguard]] agreed. With that settled, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[the Dragonguard]] boarded her gondola and vanished in a flash of gold magic toward [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]].

As the group drifted toward the peninsula housing the sea-level city of [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]], [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] told [[[[the Dragonguard]]]] that they needed to earn an audience with the councilor, [[Annasia]]. She said [[Annasia]] helped [[the Rectifiers]] in the past, but she preferred to not call in that favor if she could avoid it. She warned [[the Dragonguard]] that the city was not only architecturally similar to the Magerony, but culturally as well. The possibility the [[Mageron Loyalists]] had already swayed [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]] to their cause could not be written off. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] also explained the sirens here revered a figure they called the “Goddess of the Moon”, and that they should respect this ideology if they wished to make allies. 

With a whispered word to the knights wearing crescent moon sigils upon their armor, the group gained access to the city. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] threw up her hood, though she did not hide her [[Founders|Founder]] tattoo, and told [[the Dragonguard]] she intended to find out what she could on her own. She advised them a few spots they could check into: the Undine Waterway, a park that paid homage to the water goddess of old; the Moonstone Plaza, a bazaar of brilliant jewelers; and The Lunare, a luxurious art gallery. With a look toward the main square before departing, they spotted a statue of a beautiful woman wearing a long dress with a slit in the side. Her hair was partially pinned in a bun, while the right side cascaded to her shoulders. The statue bore feathery wings and a glowing white ring on the woman’s finger. [[The Dragonguard]] opted to visit the Undine Waterway first.

At the Waterway, they found a lovely park with a centerpiece statue of a woman, with shoulder length hair being blown by the wind. She wielded a trident and was astride a [[Dragons|dragon]]. Children played in the infrequent bursts of water that fired out of the [[Dragons|dragon]] and trident, and adults relaxed in an infinity pool just beyond the statue overlooking the ocean beyond. A young [[siren]] introduced herself to [[the Dragonguard]], letting them know that the statue was that of Undine, the [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] goddess of water. When asked, she wasn’t quite sure why the city heralded a statue of Undine when they largely revered the Goddess of the Moon.


Before they could speak to the girl much further, a lively group of young adventurers interrupted the group. They introduced themselves as Malik, Adrianna, and Renan. Malik, the apparent leader of the band, demanded [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] surrender and submit to arrest. [[The Dragonguard]] eventually humored the group with a fair duel in the square in front of Undine’s statue. 

Despite the group having a hidden archer named Roran hiding atop the statue, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious against the would-be heroes hunting a bounty on supposed villains. A commanding voice called from the side of the Waterway, coming from a woman wearing a flowing black battledress adorned with pale silver armor pieces. Across her breastplate was the same crescent moon, and she wore a cape with a matching sigil. She demanded the entire group stop this madness…