The figure that broke up the fight between [[the Dragonguard]] and Malik’s group turned out to be Korrina, the Knight-Captain of [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]]. She very loudly announced that [[the Dragonguard]] would be escorted away by her knights, but when they were in a quieter part of the city, Korrina released them. She told them this city was different, and that she knew who they entered the city with. Korrina urged them to lay a bit lower for the rest of the day, and that they may have luck getting a meeting with [[Annasia]] by finding her friend Avarica at the Crescent Counter during the evening. 

Since it was still midday, [[the Dragonguard]] decided to visit The Lunare, the art gallery. In the expansive, pristine, marble exhibit, they were quickly ambushed by [[Mirina]], who dramatically greeted [[the Dragonguard]] as old friends she hadn’t seen in ages. In a whisper, she urged them to play along as she took [[Alicia]]’s arm and guided them through the gallery. The group examined a painting called *Bonds Broken, Bond Forged*, depicting [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] finding what appeared to be a young, orphaned [[Madison]] during the attack on [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. Next, they visited a statue of former Lord of the [[Saren|Kingsguard Saren]], also known as the [[Saren|Harbinger of the Fourth Doom]], holding his wife and former Kingsguard member [[Audrea]] as the two of them expired at the end of the last battle, thereby ending [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]]. Finally, they found a secluded portion of the gallery that held an exaggerated painting of a young [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]] dealing the final blow against the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] using his father’s sword. The artist had given [[Allunaris|Doomking]] [[Allunaris]] exaggerated, demonic features he did not have, and left out the [[Bloodied Heroes]]. 

Before they could learn much more from [[Mirina]], she whispered to them that they were being tracked by “walkers of false flesh”. She revealed that in normal circumstances, she could not and would not intervene in such a way, but she did not know from where these creatures came. She urged them to quietly exit through the back before they found them, vanishing in a tuft of pink mist. 

Before they could make it out of the gallery, the odd beings confronted them in the exit hallway. The flesh on the creatures melted off, revealing bone-white, featureless faces, cleaved at the bottom, and seemingly dripping blood. They had bone-like structures around their torsos and extending their appendages. They only spoke in odd hums and clicks. After destroying the beings, [[the Dragonguard]] found a letter on their remains. The letter was sealed by a wax symbol of two silver eyes. It commanded the creatures to keep [[the Dragonguard]] away from [[Annasia]], the Crescent Counter, and a third item written in unidentifiable runes. [[The Dragonguard]] quickly made their way out of The Lunare and toward the Moonstone Plaza as evening neared. 

In the Moonstone Plaza, [[the Dragonguard]] only briefly browsed the semi-indoor bazaar of glittering jewels before heading to the main establishment: Vincenzo’s. There, they found more opulent offerings and a spring equinox collection, but the display that caught [[Celeste|Aurora]]’s eye in particular was a glowing case of white jewelry near the back. In this display were amulets, rings, and other adornments bejeweled with moonstone and glowstone, rare gemstones local to [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]]. The attendant seemed to notice a similar one around [[Celeste|Aurora]]’s neck, so he fetched the owner.

The owner, Laren, immediately recognized the craftsmanship of [[Celeste|Aurora]]’s family heirloom, saying it was a family design passed down from his ancestor Vincenzo. He retold [[Celeste|Aurora]] the story of his ancestor’s heart softening and creating two pieces of jewelry. One went to the frequent visitor, [[Artlatta|Founder Artlatta]], while the other went to Osiris, [[Celeste|Aurora]]’s ancestor. In the interest of keeping a bond through the ages, Laren offered them help to seek out [[Annasia]] at the Crescent Counter as well. As evening neared, the group decided it was time to visit the Crescent Counter.

At the Crescent Counter, [[the Dragonguard]] found a woman with voluminous brown hair and blue-gold eyes running every poor soul into poverty in dice games. [[Arturo]] took up the challenge and played a game against Avarica. [[Vespello]] noticed Avarica’s eyes shimmer briefly as the game began, but he kept it to himself. [[Arturo]] eventually emerged victorious, and Avarica leaned in to whisper that the group should meet her at the Lagoon Lookout at midnight. She said she’d bring [[Annasia]]. [[The Dragonguard]] met up with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] at the statue of the Goddess of the Moon, caught her up, then ventured together to the Lookout to meet [[Annasia]] and Avarica.

At the Lookout, the group found Avarica flanked by two knights. The knights wanted to initially stop the group, but Avarica told them to let the group pass. She then revealed a glowing blue ring on her finger, and introduced herself as [[Annasia]], apologizing for the silly theatrics. Her coy façade now broken, especially after meeting [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], [[Annasia]] told them she had access to what [[Artlatta]] had left behind when she would visit the city. She agreed to add her voice to theirs when they petitioned the crown, as well as share [[Artlatta]]’s remaining secrets, but only if they allowed her to join them and learn the same as they did from her remnants. The group agreed, and [[Annasia]] rowed them out to the middle of the [[Frozen Lagoon]].

With the full moon reflecting in the water, [[Annasia]] called a magic spell that displaced a massive amount of the lagoon’s waters into a protective wall around them. She assured the group the people of [[Locations/Matar/Pravus/index|Pravus]] would find themselves indoors to avoid the “Great Wave”, and that Syrenians merely saw the event as an act of the Goddess of the Moon, who she knew was truly [[Artlatta|Founder Artlatta]]. The displaced water revealed an underwater castle of four towers, all connected by a ring of stone hallways. In the center of the ring was a disconnected tower that had an identical water-[[Dragons|dragon]] statue spiraling around it. A dry stairwell of stone created a path to enter the submerged castle, that [[Annasia]] announced as the Palace of the Waning Moon.

They found the castle sealed by a set of Mageron runes, which [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stated wanted [[Founders|Founder]] blood to unseal. She asked [[the Dragonguard]] if they were truly prepared to learn what they may in this castle, that more knowledge of [[Founders]] is dangerous. They assured her, and she unsealed the castle. Inside, a specter of [[Artlatta]] appeared, her tattoo similar to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s, except that the colored portion of hers was a set of red talons. She did not seem to be as aware of her visitors like [[Allunaris]]’s remnant, but she said that if they had gotten this far, they were either her descendant or her mortal foes. [[Artlatta]] added that foes would find what she had left behind quite perilous for them. She told the group that they needed to find the four talon pieces left behind the four towers to gain access to the central one, where she hoped lay the key to stopping the other [[Founders]]. 

With their goal clear, [[the Dragonguard]] headed for the viewing balcony tower. They found a curtain within that seemed to only look out into a wall of sea stone. After considering the ropes of golden thread, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] told the group to allow her to open the curtain. Once she did, a different vista lay beyond, as if the threshold for the balcony had moved locations entirely. The balcony now overlooked a dark sea, and in the distance was an island riddled with tall towers, the tallest one being a massive clocktower. Before they could study much of this new location, however, two Magerons wearing a sigil of two [[dragons]] spiraling around a magic staff, both with sets of silver eyes, turned to them…