The two [[Founder Loyalists]] readied their weapons, immediately recognizing [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], calling her a “blood traitor”. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stayed indignant to the two, even when they said their “master” would still welcome her back if she wished to return. She refused them and told them [[the Dragonguard]] would be more than a match for them. With her insult flung to her countrymen, she stepped back to protect [[Annasia]]. She also recommended [[the Dragonguard]] exercise lethal discretion, as they were unlikely to get any information from these two.

[[The Dragonguard]] bested the Loyalists in combat, though before the second could be slain, he was empowered by silver flames in his arm and eyes, grabbing [[Arturo]] by the neck. An empowered voice, cold with knowledge, warned [[Arturo]] he could see great darkness within him. Once the words had left his lips, the Loyalists exploded in a burst of silver flames. 

When [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] returned, she recommended [[Arturo]] speak with [[Lambert]] when they reunited with the other members of her Court, as he was seeking a way to kill the demon with which he had formed a pact long ago. She mused it may be a similar process for whatever lurked within [[Arturo]]. 

The group picked up the ruby-colored talon on the table, seeing the apparition of [[Artlatta]] recite what appeared to be herself recording events near the end of her partnership with the other [[Founders]]. It was unclear when the spell was embedded in the talon, but [[Artlatta]] spoke sadly of how she would be unable to return to her homeland, perhaps ever. She spoke of regret for what she and [[Founders|the Founders]] had done, but that she planned to return to [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] to help set the foundation for the future to help defeat the other [[Founders]]. With one of the four talons in their possession, [[the Dragonguard]] continued to the next tower: the Dining Hall.

In the Dining Hall, the party found a long-abandoned long table, fireplace, and countless plates and cutlery. It appeared as though the hall had never even been used. There were six chairs around the length of the table, with a seventh at the head of the table. Several magic auras emanated from each chair, each a different color: red, black, white, silver, amethyst, gold, and a chromatic aura. The second talon piece sat at the head chair. The group cautiously investigated the room but decided to go ahead and grab the talon. 

This apparition of [[Artlatta]] spoke of how she missed when her and her six counterparts were friends, once. Though they were friends in their own, unique ways, they were friends, nonetheless. She lamented that it appeared [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] would be her only remaining friend by the end. [[Artlatta]] appeared disappointed that she never got a chance to share a meal with her friends in the hall, and that she would now have to keep the entire palace secret. The apparition vanished, and some of the auras dissipated. 

Three of the auras remained, the amethyst, black, and red ones. They manifested into spectral shapes, each with different draconic features. They each had a set of [[Dragons|dragon]] wings, but the red echo had large talons, the black one had several tendrils spreading from each arm, and the purple one had large [[Dragons|dragon]] horns sprouting from its head. They were each echoes of [[Founders|the Founders]]. Once again, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] took up a defensive stance by [[Annasia]] as [[the Dragonguard]] kept the echoes at bay. 

By the time [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious, they had discerned the red echo was that of [[Artlatta]], and the black that of [[Allunaris]], but the amethyst echo remained a mystery. Even [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] did not know this [[Founders|Founder]]’s name. The group continued their quest for the talons to the third tower.

 The third tower held a large bedroom suite. There were [[Doom Magic|Doom crystal]] structures with latent presences within. [[The Dragonguard]] left them undisturbed, and whatever lurked within did not attack them. On one side of the large suite was a child’s bedroom that was decorated with ocean-themed art. [[The Dragonguard]] picked up the nearby talon piece, conjuring another apparition of [[Artlatta]]. 

This apparition held an infant with dark hair in her arms. Her voice was softened and lighter. She spoke of how she unexpectedly fell in love with one of her paramours, a [[siren]] named Brooke. [[Artlatta]], speaking as though she were hopeful the infant she held when recording the spell was who would be listening in the future, mentioned that though the laws of the universe preventing her and Brooke from having a child of her own, breaking those rules was her specialty as a [[Founders|Founder]]. Using a spell she had stolen from [[Ager]] and [[Aurion]], she created a new formula that allowed [[Artlatta]] and Brooke to have a child they named Undine, the woman who would end up becoming the [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] Goddess of Water. [[Artlatta]] continued, saying she embedded the spell in this talon should her descendant find a need for it, though she warned the listener to consider the ramifications of continuing a [[Founders|Founder]] bloodline. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s throat bobbed as she listened to [[Artlatta]]’s words. [[Artlatta]] finished her magic journal entry by saying the pact her and her six cohorts had made to not have children was now broken, though she knew others had broken it as well. [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] had told her explicitly that he had, and she wagered that [[Corvux]] had sired children at some point as well, given his magic specialty, but that he had vanished nearly immediately after they had cast the [[Drop of Creation]]. The apparition faded. 

[[The Dragonguard]] and their friends felt an uneasy wave of magic within themselves, learning another forbidden [[Founders|Founder]] name. Their memory of the fight in the Dining Hall also magically cleared, revealing that the unknown amethyst echo they had fought was that of [[Corvux]]. The group spoke with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] about her opinion on continuing the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] bloodline. She seemed to have the desire deeply buried, but she was stopping herself due to the ramifications, similar to what [[Artlatta]] mentioned. Regardless, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stated that no matter what she felt, it was not a feasible road to take for the foreseeable future. The group also discovered, just as [[Artlatta]] said, they found a spell formula buried in the talon. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] translated some of it to reveal that there were hints of [[Founders|the Founders]]’ touch to bend the laws of the universe. [[The Dragonguard]] also recognized some of the runes in this formula were similar to those they saw at [[Selina’s Blight]], though they did not know what they meant. The group, now emboldened by much knowledge, quickly ventured to the fourth tower: the [[Dragons|Dragon]] Eyrie. 

The [[Dragons|Dragon]] Eyrie was a massive nesting place sized for [[dragons]]. There were long turned to dust remnants of [[Dragons|dragon]] nests, and several marks of talons in the stone floor. The group picked up the fourth talon piece awaiting them. A fourth apparition of [[Artlatta]] appeared, her voice more unsure like the earlier apparitions, this apparition clearly from a time before Undine was born. [[Artlatta]] seemed anxious about the death of her [[Dragons|dragon]], Rosparo. She claimed [[Nerasang]] had committed the murder, but that the other [[Founders]] refused to reprimand the beast or their master [[Allunaris]]. She feared they were already fracturing, most of them siding with [[Allunaris]] and a second name that was magically removed from the spell. The apparition reconstituted herself, recounting to the future listener that they are not aware of Diluvia, whom she planned to gift to her child in the contingency she herself was killed. The apparition faded. The entire palace rumbled, stone on stone scraping. The group quickly ran toward the newly connected stone hallway leading toward the central tower encased by the [[Dragons|dragon]] statue.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] offered one last chance to turn back to [[the Dragonguard]], warning what they had already learned was dangerous, and what they find in the final tower may be even more so. [[The Dragonguard]] stood fast, ready to face whatever awaited them. They entered the hallway of tall glass windows that led to the central tower. Another rumble echoed through the stones and sea, and the group saw the rocky coating of the [[Dragons|dragon]] statue begin to crack off, revealing teal-and-blue scales of what they now knew was an actual [[Dragons|dragon]] encased in the stone. The water-faring [[Dragons|dragon]] quickly spotted the group, released their grip on the tower, and swam toward the group. The [[Dragons|dragon]] wrapped around the stones, lowering their head by a nearby window, their voice echoing through the minds of [[the Dragonguard]]. 

The [[Dragons|dragon]] introduced themselves as Diluvia, the [[Dragons|dragon]] [[Artlatta]] had secreted away for her child. Diluvia spoke of how her mistress and her mistress’s mother were long gone, so she wished to know why these strangers now lurked within their halls. The group introduced themselves as [[the Dragonguard]], to which Diluvia laughed, saying how foolish that was, since Diluvia and Undine themselves were [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] in their original iteration. [[The Dragonguard]] explained their situation, introducing [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] as well. Diluvia seemed slightly assuaged, but then fixed their attention on [[Vespello]], stating she sensed a familiar magic on the man. [[Vespello]] offered up the volatile, water magic relic he had found on the uncharted island weeks ago. Diluvia put forth their talon that was missing the claw, asking [[Vespello]] to return their talon to her. [[Vespello]] readily agreed, finding after returning the talon, he had learned the secret of a water spell. With their talon now restored, Diluvia fixed their gaze back on the group, saying she would allow them to pass to the central tower if the group shared with Diluvia a piece of information they wished to know…