The [[Dragons|dragon]] Diluvia wished to know the location of Undine’s and [[Artlatta]]’s ring, seemingly unaware of where it ended up in their stonelike state. [[The Dragonguard]] informed Diluvia that the ring was likely in possession of [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]], after being given it from her late love [[Londo Artlatta]]. Diluvia seemed sated by the information and ascended to the water’s surface. With their path now clear, the group continued to the final tower of [[Artlatta]]’s castle.

In this last tower, [[the Dragonguard]] found a lab of some sort. A singular chair with an arm restraint on the right side sat in front of seven spherical, glass containers. In each container, there were remnants of magic residue of several colors: red, gold, amethyst, ivory, ebony, silver, and chromatic. The gold container held the least amount of residue, the amethyst only a moderate amount compared to the others. Next to the chair was an end-table with sharp tools and a jeweled dagger sat atop it. On a worktable on the far side of the room sat a gold [[Dragons|dragon]] claw missing several ruby pieces, but it still held a fifth and final one. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] mentioned that this setup seemed to resemble that of a site to pass on Mageron family magic, but that they may learn more from the final ruby talon piece. 

The final talon piece showed them what appeared to be the last time the chamber was used. They witnessed [[Artlatta]], knelt before an adult Undine, finishing the nearly complete tattoo on Undine’s right arm: identical to [[Artlatta]]’s, but the swooping red talons were not yet complete. Undine, like her statue, had shoulder-length brown hair and pale red eyes, unlike her mother’s icy blue. She wore leather armor adorned with glowing blue chainmail, a trident leaning on the chair behind her. [[Artlatta]] was being pulled apart by some sort of spell, her being slowly flaking away like old paint. 

[[Artlatta]] took up the jeweled dagger, drawing some of her blood from her own tattoo. The red talons ignited in red light, and even [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s tattoo in present day began to glow with golden light. [[Artlatta]] mixed the blood with the tattoo ink, and the seven spherical containers materialized magical specters that matched the color of the residues that now sat in them in present day. [[Artlatta]] finished the tattoo, proclaiming that Undine had now fully inherited the “Mystical Grasp”, and spoke the [[Founders|Founder]] phrase of, “May the Blood of your Bone ignite the Path”. 

[[Artlatta]] fell to her knees, growing weaker as more of her continued to fade. Undine looked frantic, trying to think of a way to save her mother, but knew she could not. [[Artlatta]] warned her daughter to prepare in the event the figures behind her became her enemies, imploring her to find a strong foundation of friends to help her weather the storm, that that was where her strength would lie, as did hers, once upon a time. Through tears, Undine claimed she could not do this without her mother, and though [[Artlatta]] searched for the right words to calm her daughter, she opted to only say, “But you must.” 

[[Artlatta]] gave some last-minute warnings to her daughter, saying that [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] had already fallen, that [[Corvux]] had been missing for years. Though [[Allunaris]] was mentioned as a threat, [[Artlatta]] focused on the silver specter behind the pair. She predicted that this [[Founders|Founder]] may be the villain of Undine’s time. “Beware his silver flames; beware his eye of silver; beware [[Nizima]],” [[Artlatta]] warned. At the mention of the name, an ominous wind blew through the room, and [[the Dragonguard]] could sense that something far away had awoken, perhaps even aware that the name had returned to the world. 

 

Before the vision faded, Undine asked [[Artlatta]] if they would ever meet again, to which [[Artlatta]] replied, while passing on her glowing white ring, “When again the moon rises, we will see each other again.” With that, the record of the past faded.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] informed the group the completed claw could replay some of these magical records as their proof, and before they departed the castle, [[Aksell]] convinced [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to take [[Artlatta]]’s jeweled dagger in the case there may be a need for it one day. Though she hesitated, she took the blade, and the group set out from the Palace of the Waning Moon.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had already summoned her enchanted gondola to take onward to the [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]] Ruins. [[Annasia]] agreed to join them on their trip to the capital, to offer her voice to their cause after [[the Dragonguard]] fulfilled their end of the bargain with the councilor. The gondola lifted into the skies toward the [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]] Ruins to rendezvous with the other members of the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court.

Not far from the former capital of [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]], [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] noticed magical creatures ahead, patrolling the skies above [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]]. [[The Dragonguard]] opted to continue forward to keep the gondola hidden within the clouds. They encountered oversized, enchanted bats. The membrane of their wings and their horns were bespeckled with starlight and resembled the night sky. Once each was defeated, they were returned to the shape of normal bats, that fluttered off below. With these odd sentries defeated, the group finally set the gondola down in a cluster of trees to continue toward the ruins.

After resupplying in the crowd of vendors and tradesmen visiting the ruins, [[the Dragonguard]] spotted [[Lambert]] waiting by the crumbled, war-torn walls of [[Locations/Matar/Ristum/index|Ristum]]. When they reunited with the blunt Mageron, he informed them the others were in the custody of [[Ronotte]], and that he had somehow expected they would pass through here. He said he was sent to guide them back to [[Ragnok|King Ragnok]]’s crumbled castle. [[The Dragonguard]] found they had no choice since the Lord of the Queensguard had their friends and followed [[Lambert]] to the nearly destroyed castle deeper in the ruins of the city. 

[[Vespello]] and [[Carla]] stopped briefly at the street crossing where [[Vespello]] had seen his mother Natalia be warped into the shadow creature during his infancy. Though most signs of the scuffle were long gone, [[Carla]] waved her hand, warping some of the ancient stones covered in black magic residue into a pristine state with two black roses growing between them. She lamented that it was only an illusion, but she promised [[Vespello]] they would come back one day to leave a more permanent monument. The group continued to [[Ragnok]]’s castle.

In the castle, they found [[Ronotte]] lazily lounging at the head of a large dining table that had clearly been carted into the crumbling throne room. The other [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court members were present at the table, save for [[Corvus]]. [[Ronotte]] greeted his guests, hoping they would join him for dinner, but before much conversing could be done, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] drew all sealed blood she had brought with her and ignited a veil of golden wings and claws along her arms, taking up an offensive stance approaching [[Ronotte]]. She demanded to know why [[Corvus]] was not present. [[Ronotte]] assured the group he had not been harmed, and that he had to ensure some sort of leverage if he were to be inviting [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] herself to a meal. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was not assuaged, and the two stood at a standoff, [[Ronotte]] drawing a blade that seemed to be forged from the metal of the night sky itself. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] admitted there was a clear stalemate, and that [[the Dragonguard]] should break the tie. [[Ronotte]] added his voice to the equation, saying he planned on escorting them to [[Amanta]] all the same, and this dinner could decide in what manner that occurred. [[The Dragonguard]] decided to hear him out and share the meal. Both [[Annasia]] and [[Carla]] were offered escorts to [[Amanta]] before they truly threw in their lot with the currently wanted [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]. [[Annasia]] took up [[Ronotte]] on his offer, but [[Carla]] did not, taking her own seat at the table. 

[[Ronotte]] wished to learn the truth of the allegiances of [[the Dragonguard]] and this strange figure lurking in the shadows. Though [[the Dragonguard]] was wary of trusting the almost-too-perfect gentleman of the Queensguard, they eventually allowed [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to play a brief piece of one of [[Artlatta]]’s recorded memories: the one that referenced [[Nizima]]. Though the revelation of the name did not seem to disturb [[Ronotte]], after seeing [[Artlatta]] and Undine themselves, he had heard enough. Dinner drew to a close, and [[Ronotte]] asked the group to follow him outside.

Just at the top steps, [[Ronotte]] suddenly came to a stop and merely considered the mountains in the distance. Everyone awkwardly paused, unsure of what [[Ronotte]] was doing, and he apologized, realizing no one knew his inner thoughts. He pulled a timepiece out of his breast pocket, saying it was nearly just time. After a few more minutes of watching the moon’s rays move across the land, he finally opened a rift of night sky magic, ushering the group within. [[Celeste|Aurora]] paused as her friends entered the rift, thanking [[Ronotte]] for what he had done. He merely offered a smile and said, “I believe in second chances”…