[[The Rectifiers]] gathered what supplies they found in the shades’ armory but were summoned by [[The Red Inquisitor]] before they could continue. They found that some of [[The Red Inquisitor]]’s torso was now solidified with his forearms, revealing the start of a long dark coat with a strange ribboned tunic. The group bought what they desired, but before they could leave, the crystal apparatus [[The Red Inquisitor]] had been working with sent out a dangerous spark of electricity, striking the warlock in the leg. He cried out with pain and fell to his knees, quickly concluding the remaining business with [[The Rectifiers]]. Confused, and some concerned, the group continued to the next floor of the shades’ tower. 

They were met by three shades sat upon cushioned chairs at a long black table. Enough chairs had been set up on the opposite side for the group to join them. The woman shade, Azra, had a mischievous demeanor and a soft voice. Her hair was dark and flowed to her shoulders. She would take a more vague, pragmatic approach to the negotiations with [[The Rectifiers]]. Azra had a bow at her side. The next shade, Xerum, wore bits of black armor with a sword and shield resting beside him. He had slicked back dark hair and spoke with more authority and finality, frequently bringing up [[Matar]]’s violent past. The final shade, a mage, Venex, wore no hair on his head, but had a graying black beard. He would reason with [[The Rectifiers]] as they spoke. 

[[The Rectifiers]] sat and parlayed with The Black Triumvirate. The topic of experimentation on living subjects was the biggest obstacle to surpass. The shades, however, did state that once they had achieved their purpose, they would no longer require further subjects and would free those that wished to be so. They recommended a small island near [[Elisi]] to be exiled to while they researched (deemed acceptable by the group once they learned the shades had no interest in sirens). They continued to bargain, [[Duma Van]] proposing the idea of oversight by [[The Rectifiers]] when they needed fresh subjects. A kind of approval process. With that idea on the table, Xerum stood and offered a deal. He proposed the two groups make battle. If the Triumvirate won, they would be free of oversight. If [[The Rectifiers]] won, oversight it would be. The Triumvirate offered their alliance regardless of outcome. Should [[The Rectifiers]] call upon them, they would answer. The group agreed to the arrangement, and battle ensued. 

The Black Triumvirate seemed to have dark enchantments protecting one another, so the heroes had to use various contraptions in the room to deal any meaningful damage to their foes. As each member of the Triumvirate yielded out of the fight, the protective enchantments on the others faded. Eventually, [[The Rectifiers]] won out, securing their oversight of the three agents of dark magic. Happy, at the very least, their lives were not being ended, the shades each offered a token of esteem to the group before departing through a dark portal to their new home. [[Azalea]] even received a wry smile from her archer counterpart Azra, with whom she seemed to be infatuated. [[The Rectifiers]] were warily unsure of how they would approach the topic with [[Harin]] and the others, but a floor of this strange tower yet remained. Ever-curious, the group climbed another stairwell to the final floor. 

The final floor was an ancient throne room, long forgotten. The long carpet had frayed and nearly turned to dust. A black marble floor and dark torches gave the room an eerie vibe. At the end of the hall was a dark stone throne with a skeleton sat upon it. It appeared to be the skeleton of a [[Dwarf]] sitting upright. On its head sat a gray stone crown with hexagonal designs. It was emitting a dark aura. Though [[Azalea]] sensed the [[Dwarf]] was somehow not deceased, [[Karth]] plucked the crown from the skull. With the crown removed, the skeleton crumbled. The dark torches turned to a normal orange and red hue. The black marble warped to white. [[The Rectifiers]] thought that, perhaps, the crown was the source of the trouble after all. The tower began to crumble, bits of stone slamming into the marble. A portal ripped open in the throne room, revealing [[Sandon]] on the other side. He called for the group to rush through. They did.

Instead of coming through in [[Amanta]], however, a red light intercepted their journey, and they were spat out into the snowy ground. They were surrounded by ruined stone buildings. A heavy fog laid in the air. They could barely make out the [[Altas Mountains]] in the distance. Snow fell, and they could hear the wailing a woman in the distance...