With their discussion with [[Vint]] concluded, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] set off on horses given by [[Knight Captain Haven]] toward the main city of [[Luxen]] for their gala. There was still a steady flow of people heading toward the capital to join in the festivities. On the road, the party came to a halt as people were beginning to gather, staring at some happening off-road. As they neared, the group spotted a section of woods giving off a purple glow and smoke near its center. When they approached the entrance to the woods, they discovered a destroyed cart with dead horses attached. They spotted no bodies. With people watching in awe from the road, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] and their companions got off their horses and journeyed into the woods.

In the heart of the woods, the group came to a clearing down a small embankment. They spotted [[Doom Magic|Doom]] crystals sprouting from the ground and several [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-corrupted knights surrounding an older gnome wielding an enchanted scroll. Though the strange fellow seemed quite confident in dispatching the knights himself, he did not turn away the potential help. With their strength combined, the [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-corrupted Knights were dispatched. As the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] crystals receded into the ground, the group noticed a symbol on the Knights’ breastplates. It was a symbol of a head being held from above by a woman’s hand. It glowed purple for a time, but faded as the crystals receded.

The old gnome fellow introduced himself as [[Endran]], and he seemed to have similar storyteller magic as [[Karth]] now held. [[Endran]] claimed to have been a companion of The [[Bloodied Heroes]], though he had now been separated from the group as they were exiled. Though that seemed quite farfetched, the information he gave was somewhat accurate to his claim. [[Endran]] also seemed to be interested in The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] and stopping this new [[Doom Event|Doom]]. Not wanting to turn down anyone that wanted to help, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] allowed [[Endran]] to accompany them onward to [[Luxen]].

After a bit of resupplying in the Royal Marketplace, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] headed back toward the castle to prepare for the gala. They found that the throne room had been almost entirely converted. The throne had been relocated to the right wing of the immense room; the floor had been magically converted to a colorful marble dance floor, and a lovely stage had been set up where the throne once sat. On the stage, the party spotted a woman with pinned up silvery blonde hair, a strapless black dress, elven ears, and a silver piece of jewelry affixed just below her collarbone. The jewelry held a glowing purple crystal in its center, which caused the party to notice her similarly colored eyes. After chatting with a server, the party found out this was the famous [[Revelrae]], the singer [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] had hired to perform at the gala. Though the party was still weighing their suspicions about the woman given her appearance, [[Endran]] hobbled over to the stage to speak with her directly. 

[[Endran]] was quite enamored with [[Revelrae]], and she returned the feeling with a very bright demeanor. She was quite kind, speaking with the old fellow. His heart warmed [[Endran]] returned to the group as they decided to head back to their tower to prepare.

Upon returning to their tower, they found The Gunslinger of Smoke and [[Selina]] having a jovial conversation at a small table. [[Selina]] was already garbed in a red dress and earrings with her hair already prepared. The Gunslinger was gorging himself on various bits of food, and he had seemed to put on quite a bit of weight. He told The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] he was having a grand time finally relaxing and indulging in the finer things in life. Though the weight was likely not a good sign, the group decided it was better to see him enjoying himself rather than brooding on a balcony. Everyone dressed themselves in the colorful regalia that awaited them. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] arrived shortly thereafter. 

The Gunslinger and [[Selina]] headed on down as [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] prepared to escort the group down. Through the windows, they had already seen several groups arriving downstairs. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] guided the group down the magical lift back into the now ballroom. When they emerged from the lift, they found the room had been lit in very warm colors, guests had filled the room, and [[Revelrae]] was already performing. Her jewel was lit up and seemed to be projecting her voice through the ballroom. Her voice was lovely and almost ethereal. The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] shared a dance with various key figures they had met along the way, and they mingled thereafter. 

When speaking with [[Vint]], [[Vint]] said they should keep an eye on [[Revelrae]], as her singing seemed to be affecting the people themselves, though in a positive manner. He said this was not reminiscent of [[Matar|Mataran]] magic, as that usually pulled from nature and affected the world around them. Shortly after, [[Nizima|King Zin]] entered the ballroom, his hair trimmed and slicked back, beard cut down to his face, and eyes quite lucid. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] pointed it out and said it was quite odd, adding that [[Nizima|Zin]] had not been showing signs of betterment like this recently. [[Nizima|Zin]] shared a dance with Councilor [[Mira]], then walked over to the refreshment table where The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] and company were. He greeted the lot, but seemed to have something on his mind. He drew The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] in closely, and began to say something that was “dire”, but was interrupted by a sharp headache. After it subsided, [[Nizima|Zin]] seemed to not know what he was about to say, asking why they were staring at him. Seemingly irritated, he walked away without saying what he apparently needed to tell The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. 

The party continued, and The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] gathered new dance partners. A charismatic and fancily dressed fellow approached [[Gale]] and asked for a dance. He wore a dark and silver doublet and a party mask covering his eyes. His hair was dark and pulled back in a ponytail. [[Gale]] accepted and began to dance with the figure. He whispered in [[Gale]]’s ear that it had been a long time since they last met in the desert under the twin setting suns. [[Gale]]’s heart sank as she realized she was dancing with and being held close by The [[Saren|Harbinger]] himself. He claimed he came to make an offer to her, but someone had taken it before he could offer it to [[Gale]]. [[Gale]] stood unwavering, demanding him to stop the madness. He replied that it was already in motion. With that, he twirled [[Gale]] around and vanished.

Nearly immediately after [[Gale]] regrouped with her friends to tell them The [[Saren|Harbinger]] was here and had something up his sleeves, there came a shout from the courtyard followed by a deafening explosion. A sizable section of the throne room’s ceiling had been blown away, sending large chunks of white stone into the room, killing some in its path. People began to shout and flee as more explosions rocked the city. Through the hole in the ceiling, the party saw a large flying ship with metal cylinders covering its sides shooting forth projectiles. The sky was covered in dark cloud and vile strikes of lightning. [[Revelrae]] fled the stage and headed straight toward The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. 

The stage curtains blew open, revealing The [[Saren|Harbinger]] in his familiar dark cloak and dark armor. His corrupted sword sat at his side, but his hood was now down. He had what may have once been a handsome face, but was now corrupted by dark [[Doom Magic|Doom]] magic. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] seemed to despair when he saw The [[Saren|Harbinger]]’s face, telling The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] that he was indeed [[Saren]], the last Lord of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] that went inside the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s realm with [[Nizima|Zin]], though he did not return like [[Nizima|Zin]]. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] drew his blade and engaged with [[Saren]] the [[Saren|Harbinger]], while the party, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], and [[Vint]] helped battle [[Doom Magic|Doom]] Knights cracking off of erupted [[Doom Magic|Doom]] crystals. The [[Saren|Harbinger]] sent forth purple flames from his [[Doom Magic|Doom]] blade as he dueled [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]. After a short battle, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] hopped back and summoned forth deep scarlet flames of his own to block [[Saren]] for a time. He approached his friends and allies with finality.

The party told him they needed to get everyone out, but he replied that not everyone would make it out. He told them they were not yet strong enough to defeat nor hold back [[Saren]], but he could at least hold him back long enough for The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] to help guide the people and forces of [[Luxen]] to [[Amanta]] where it was safe. He said [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] would now be the Lady of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]]. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] had his loving goodbye with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], stating to both her and The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] that, “When again the moon rises, we will see each other again.” With that, he stepped forward and tore off the armor and sleeve he had on his right arm. With his arm bare, they now saw a dark tattoo of a spiraling [[Dragons|dragon]]. It had outstretched talons that were inked in red. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] cast one more spell to summon a spectral, demonic arm to reinforce his own grip on his blade. The last glimpse The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]], [[Vint]], and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] had of [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] was him leaping through the flames to strike [[Saren]].

Despite having seen such an unexpected revelation from [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] had an important job to do. Even though she had just said goodbye to the love of her life, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] seemed determined, telling them to gather who they can, rally the knights, and exit through the eastern gate. She stated she would rally who she could through the north, and they would regroup on the road to [[Barba]]. She trotted off, striking down any [[Doom Magic|Doom]] Knight that dared stop her with fierce white magic.

As the party fought and rallied the people of [[Luxen]], they spoke with [[Revelrae]]. She told them she could not project her voice too heavily as her jewelry was, in fact, an [[Anchors|Anchor]]. She said The [[Saren|Harbinger]] gave it to her, hoping to corrupt her into a [[Candidates|Doomlady]], but she had managed to purify it. Though they were wary, the group agreed to accept her help. When they reached a crossroad near the eastern gate, The Recitifers held their ground as they funneled people through. [[Selina]] regrouped with them, her blades in-hand. [[Vint]] pointed away from the crossroad toward a tower, asking what it was he was looking at. Atop the tower, a single silhouette stood. It seemed to be wearing heavy armor and a cape. It also seemed to be unwaveringly staring straight at The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. 

Before they could get a grasp on the strange figure, the flying ship firing explosions into [[Luxen]] mechanically opened at the bow. A corrupted flying beast came forth from the opening. It may have once been a [[Dragons|dragon]], but had lost all its scales and spikes. Its skin was a pale purple and its spikes and horns had been replaced by crystals of [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. A hooded rider flew atop it. It spewed forth purple, corrupted liquid fire, destroying anything it touched. It flew low to the road and began to fly toward The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. They braced for impact; the beast rearing back and preparing its purple flames. Before the flames licked The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]], deep red fire and lightning clouded the purple flames. Another familiar [[Dragons|dragon]] slammed to the ground in front of them, protecting The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] and their allies. The gray-haired, bearded knight atop the familiar dark [[Dragons|dragon]] looked back toward them. He told them he did, in fact, say he would see them again at the last sunset of the world. He entered combat with the other beast and rider, telling [[The Rectifiers]] to leave quickly.

The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]], their allies, and the people of [[Luxen]] flooded out of the east gate, veering north to meet up with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s host. Before they got too far, [[Selina]] asked them to stop. She told them she swore that she would help The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] in any way they could, but that was her son she was leaving behind. She requested to be allowed to go back and help him. The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] agreed, and [[Selina]] sprinted back to protect her son.

As the now refugees of [[Luxen]] began entering the foothills, they looked back toward the city they had lost. The flying ship seemed to just patrol the white city. Purple and red flames lit up sections of the city, but it was soon clouded in darkness...