*A letter recovered from the [[Magerony]] by [[Duma Van|Councilor Duma Van]] on his final trip there.*

To my fellow [[Magerony|Magerons]] and [[Magerony|Mageronesses]], 

[[Matar]] is a country as beautiful as it is bloodied. While we know only our chromatic streets, rushing canals, and stony skyline beneath a perpetually starry sky, our southern neighbor boasts paradises of palms, winter wonderlands, mighty mountains, and a resilient people. A people so resilient that they have survived not one, not two, but three [[Doom Event|Dooms]]. They’ve defeated even us. For no longer do we tower over them, subjugate them, experiment upon them, or strike fear within their very bones at the sight of us. 

Some of you wish to return to those days. You wish to bring back the miasma of our [[Founders]]. Men and women who thought themselves gods and goddesses until the point of their own hubris nearly destroyed everything, if you had forgotten. We all know we brought [[Doom Magic|Doom]] into our world, and yet we sit comfortably on our island, gazing south while our own Mistake annihilates people not so different from us. And now that they prosper, instead of brokering peace, these [[Founder Loyalists|Loyalists]] to the [[Founders]] want to return us to our grandeur. We know not what truly lies in their hearts. Do they seek to revive the [[Founders]]? Is such a thing even possible? Certain magic was outlawed after the [[Founders]] left us, but we’d be fools to not think it continues still. How long will we continue to moralistically rot as a nation? Until we make a Second Mistake?

No. I will not stand for it. Our time has passed. Instead of returning to our bloody past, I long for a gilded age. An age borne on the Gilded Wings of a united [[Matar]] and [[Magerony]]. I leave you all, now, on those very gilded wings.

\-[[Magerony|Mageroness]] [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana Agianile]], true name [[Morrithana Aladoro]], Descendant of [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Founder Aladoro]]

*The letter is sealed with a wax [[Dragons|Dragon]] whose wings are colored gold.*

We begin in a [[Matar]] quite different from the [[Matar]] of the past. Long gone are the supernaturally powerful mages once revered as gods; gone is the dynasty of [[Korrin|King Korrin]], whose family was instrumental in stopping the cataclysmic event that seems to strike [[Matar]] in a rhythm known as [[Doom Event|The Doom]]; gone are the heroes of the past ages, their duties done. For now, we live under a new queen and newfound peace. 

There have been four [[Doom Event|Dooms]] that have ravaged [[Matar]]. The first two were successful in all but wiping out the citizens of [[Matar]]. The [[Third Doom|Third]], which began 60 years ago, was stopped by a league of Golden Age heroes, under the rule of [[Korrin|King Korrin]]. Though these heroes are gone, and the line of [[Korrin|King Korrin]] only continues with his aging son [[Aurum]], their heroism inspires to this day. A [[Fourth Doom]] nearly gripped the nation 10 years ago with the death of [[Aurum]]’s twin sister, [[Aura|Queen Aura]], but [[The Rectifiers]] stopped [[Doom Event|The Doom]] itself in its tracks, and a new Queen was crowned. 

[[Matar]] has been ravaged by cataclysms, racially motivated wars, and subjugation by supreme mages from an, until recently, forgotten nation to the north. [[Magerony|The Solstice Magerony]]. Not much is known still about the [[Magerony]], other than that they wield a different sort of magic. Instead of the powers of the earth, they pull from the powers of life itself. Though the history is muddled due to the [[Doom Event|Dooms]], the [[Magerony]] is thought to have been the true lords of [[Matar]], enslaving, experimenting on, and even creating some of the races we know today. Eventually, [[Matar]] won their freedom from the [[Magerony]] with the help of the gods and goddesses. The [[Magerony]] has hidden away on their island until recently, it seems. There are signs of movement on the northern horizon. 

Back home in [[Matar]], [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] rules from quite a popular throne. Where [[Aura]]’s widow [[Nizima|Zin]] let the nation wither and nearly die during [[Fourth Doom|The Fourth Doom]], [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] has shared the grand wealth of the crown from the new capital of [[Amanta]]. Cities are safe once more with the protection of the Knight and [[Mage Order|Mage Orders]]. People feel safe to live outside city walls again. Life, at last, seems to be moving forward in [[Matar]]. 

Though she is adored and loved by most, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] has never taken another by her side after losing her love, [[Londo Artlatta]]. She rules alone, and it appears she intends to not leave behind a dynasty to pick up where she leaves off. Despite that, she seems to spend every one of her waking moments bringing [[Matar]] truly together.

One of these great efforts is the annual [[Festival of the White Flame]], named after her own magical powers. The [[Festival of the White Flame|festival]] is held in a new city every year and seeks to bridge the divide between the diverse cities across [[Matar]] can sometimes have. Instead of allowing isolated peoples of different origins to hide away and grow resentful, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] brings out those differences and celebrates them at her festivals. No artist of any kind is turned away. Though some in her court question the amount of money it costs to throw these festivals, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] will hear nothing of it. Is she preparing for something others cannot see? Is there something in her heart willing her to continue this tradition?

This humble story set in the peaceful and prosperous nation of [[Matar]] begins in a bustling port city, known as [[Naviga]]. 