While the party was resting from their first day of the contest in [[Naviga]], [[Akalar]] was awoken shortly before sunrise by a group of sneaking individuals in the street below. [[Akalar]] recognized the leader as the tattooed man from the start of the contest that was whispering about stealing tokens. [[Akalar]] attempted to dissuade the group from their thievery, but they merely threatened him back. Knowing he could not allow ne’er-do-wells to steal from an innocent person, [[Akalar]] woke his group, and they set off to stop the cheaters.

They arrived at the cheaters’ target: a mansion adorned with a gate guarded by two stone swans. Inside, the party fought and defeated the tattooed man and his cronies, saving a blonde [[Humans|human]] widow. The tattooed man was arrested by the [[Knight Order]], and the woman offered the request to the party instead. She explained her husband had been killed by a small-time [[dragonborn]] pirate known as [[Darkscale]] several weeks back. The woman, known as [[Swann]], mentioned that [[Darkscale]] likely didn’t mean to kill her husband, but she didn’t care. In return for proof of [[Darkscale]]’s death, [[Swann]] was offering 8 tokens for the contest. 

The party agreed, received a stipend of coins for hiring a ship, and set off to the docks to find passage to [[Darkscale’s cove]]. There, the party spoke with [[Dieter]]’s ship captain to see if they could save some of their coin, but the captain was adamant that he could not use [[Dieter]]’s vessel for anything other than the delivery of the archaeology equipment. The group instead opted for a smaller ship being helmed by a well-worn, dark-haired sailor named [[William]]. He and his crew agreed to ferry the party for 200 coins. 

During the short voyage to the cove just a few miles off the coast, the party determined that [[William]] and his crew were likely once pirates, turned a new leaf. One crewmember took a keen interest in their story, and he seemed to know quite a bit about current events, sharing the tidbit that [[Luxen]] was being rebuilt. He also mentioned that the rebuilding was largely being funded by one individual who was likely to become its new councilor upon completion. The group noticed a strange red mark under the single vambrace on his right arm.

Once the ship reached [[Darkscale’s cove]], the party decided to ascend the rocky face of the cove with the help of [[William]]’s grappling hooks. Though a couple hooks were lost, the group made their way to the summit of the cove, where they found a large opening to rappel down. To cut off any potential escape, they rappelled down with the remaining rope straight onto [[Darkscale]]’s ship. Once their feet were on the deck of the ship, a grand combat broke out with [[Darkscale]] and his crew. [[Darkscale]] himself wielded a pistol and blade, and all his crew wielded wind and lightning magic. Though [[Celeste|Aurora]] suffered a wound from [[Darkscale]], [[Vespello|Lette]] managed to dispatch [[Darkscale]] with one, clean shot to the head. [[Darkscale]]’s plea to spare his life in return for most of his treasure fell on deaf ears. Now, the party gathers what equipment is still usable from [[Darkscale]]’s crew’s encampment inside the cove before they journey back to [[Naviga]]…