---
Date: 2013-2014
tags:
  - Campaign
aliases:
  - Ebony
  - "Matar: Ebony"
---
There is only one country: [[Matar]]. It spans a large spit of island, a smaller island to its northeast, and it stretches just so into the uncharted region beyond the Northeast. This country was rocked by a reckoning event known as the [[Doom Event|Doom]] 46 years ago. Before the [[Doom Event|Doom]] came, some gods still walked the earth, one being [[Greth]], the [[Dragonborn]] God of Fire, and [[Guan Yi]], the [[Minotaur]] God of Earth. 
The kingdom was originally ruled by an oddly intelligent [[Doom Elf|Orc]] King known as [[Ragnok]], in the city of [[Ristum]]. "Peace" was uneasy and nonexistent when he grew mad. The [[Fist of Korrin]] (player group, name came later obviously) helped overthrow him with a then unknown smith by the name of [[Korrin]]. The Governor of the [[Elves|elf]]/[[Humans|human]] town of [[Triven]], [[Thalend]], was also a great boon in the battle. [[Korrin]] slew the old king, and was crowned king himself, after [[Thalend]] turned it down. 
[[Fist of Korrin|The Fist of Korrin]] traveled the land, searching out troublesome creatures known as the [[Ebonyborn]]. These strange, hooded creatures bestowed great boons upon seemingly random people, but at the cost of a vision of their own death. Should they prevent the death, the artifact was theirs to keep. The Heroes found the home realm of the [[Ebonyborn]], and with the help of [[Korrin|King Korrin]], and a strange ally they met previously in the realm, stormed the dark castle in its sandy expanse. *(Note, this ally had the ability to manipulate the portal contraption the [[Ebonyborn]] had in their castle to travel time. It was eventually found out that this was future [[Korrin]], but none of this is common knowledge.)* After slaying the "King" of the [[Ebonyborn]], the Heroes were trapped in the dark realm for 18 years. *(Non common knowledge: Time traveling [[Korrin]] told the Heroes they were needed still, but they could not interfere in the outside world with the information they knew until the other group of heroes had played their part. Future [[Korrin]] then faded.)* This was the end of the first chronological campaign we played, Ebony.