---
tags:
  - Campaign
Date: 2014-2015
aliases:
  - Aurum
  - "Matar: Aurum"
title: Aurum
---
The [[Talons of Scarlet]] had no idea that [[Selina]] was actually the one behind all the despair and death, while [[Korrin]] was allowing her to believe she had succeeded. Time-traveling [[Korrin]] from [[01. Ebony|Ebony]] had shared with the [[Fist of Korrin]] of the truth that he had actually had two children, and neither were [[Selina]]'s. Eye color is a powerful thing in the world of [[Matar]]. No magic can truly affect the color. The crown allowed [[Korrin]] to make [[Aurum]]'s eyes appear red, so that [[Selina]] believed him to be her son, while he gave his daughter, [[Aura]], to the sister of their true mother to keep safe. Now, the [[Talons of Scarlet]] had upended [[Korrin]]'s plans to weed out dissidents in his kingdom, and now the evil Queen [[Selina]] had stolen his son.
(Side note: [[Selina]]'s race is known as [[Half-Dragon]]. [[Dragons]] have gone extinct in the world at this point, but they previously magically mated with chosen [[Humans]] or [[Elves]] to create [[Half-Dragon]] children. [[Selina]], [[Sariel]] (the one [[Korrin]] gave his daughter to), and [[Sarah]] (the true mother of [[Aura]] and [[Aurum]]) shared the same mother, but [[Sarah]] had a different father. [[Selina]] was spurned as a child, as she held no [[Dragons|Dragon]] characteristics (tail, wings), which turned her vile. [[Sariel]] did and was the favorite child. [[Sarah]] was born later. All of these dealings with [[Dragons]] happened atop the middle mountain range, in a place known as The [[Ancient Skies]].)
The [[Fist of Korrin]] was freed from the dark realm and ventured back into the world they left behind so long ago. They emerged in the capital of [[Luxen]]. 
Okay, so the Heroes from Ebony returned to [[Luxen]] in a terrible rainstorm, only to see the new King [[Thalend]] execute the [[Talons of Scarlet]], acting nothing like the [[Thalend]] they knew. [[Greth]] grabbed the Fist from the crowd and takes them to safety. He explained he was the only living god left, and that evil was stirring. He showed them an artifact of the [[Ebonyborn]] that was entrusted to him from [[Korrin]]. It was an artifact that handled blood, and [[Korrin]] told him to stab it into [[Aurum]] when he sees him. [[Greth]] and the Heroes traveled south, where word of a crazed young man flying a red [[Dragons|Dragon]] destroying anything in his path had spread. The group found this man, a grownup, corrupted [[Aurum]], raised by [[Selina]]. In the battle, [[Greth]] was killed, but stabs the artifact into [[Aurum]]. [[Aurum]] was seemingly split in two, and a reborn [[Korrin]] emerged. He used what power was left in his old sword to bring back his deceased true wife [[Sarah]]. Both now with glowing, golden eyes and a single purpose: to stop the [[Doom Event|Doom]]. As [[Greth]] fell, the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] ushered in his [[Candidates]] to wreak havoc on the world. [[Korrin]] led the heroes to [[Haven]] in the north, where he used the artifact to fuse [[Fist of Korrin|The Fist of Korrin]] with samples from The [[Talons of Scarlet]], bringing forth The [[Bloodied Heroes]]. 
As the Heroes journeyed forth, they hunted down each [[Candidates|Doomlord]], claiming an artifact from each as their own. As some Heroes fell, [[Korrin]] offered a route to resurrection with the blood artifact mixed with the power of a fallen [[Candidates|Doomlord]]'s artifact. The Hero could be revived but would have some of the [[Candidates|Doomlord]] inside them.
Once 14 of the [[Candidates|Doomlords]] had been slain, and one swayed to their side, the Heroes and company journeyed to the [[Ancient Skies]], where the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] and [[Selina]] (now sworn to the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] as his [[Selina|Doomqueen]]) awaited. Using the power of the sword he was given by the [[Ebonyborn]], [[Korrin]] absorbed his and [[Sarah]]'s life force, along with any Hero who had fused with a [[Candidates|Doomlord]] into the blade. The sword was picked up by [[Aurum]], and the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] was slain by him and the [[Bloodied Heroes]]. [[Doom Event|The Doom]] was ended.
[[Aurum]] turned down the crown that was his, so [[Aura]] became queen, with her husband [[Nizima|Zin]]. The [[Bloodied Heroes]] were exiled to the seas of the west, as they no longer could live in this new, peaceful world. On the dock, as the sun set, [[Korrin]] and [[Sarah]] visited the Heroes one last time to ease their passing into the west, as they now held dominion over the forces of Destruction and Creation, respectively ([[Korrin|Reaper]] and [[Sarah|Stewardess]]). 
[[Aurum]] took his [[Dragons|Dragon]] and fled into the wilderness to truly discover who he was after being poisoned by [[Selina]] for so long. [[Aura|Queen Aura]] ushered in a period of reunification, rebuilding, and peace. She did a great deal to improve quality of life for all walks of life across [[Matar]].