Once the first half of the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] finished sparring with their extravagant weapons, the other half entered the ring to have their own turn. Once they had had their fill, they left the ring to return their weapons. [[Carla]] stayed behind, saying she’d want to have multiple goes with the tri-barreled pistol. While returning their master weapons, the group found [[The Rectifiers|former Rectifier]], and current Councilor of [[Minos]], [[Duma Van]] asking the dwarven craftsman, [[Vellir]], about a dagger. [[Vellir]] told [[Duma Van]] he couldn’t work with the enchantment, as if it had locked itself away. [[Duma Van]] introduced himself and bid the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] good day. [[Vellir]] mentioned that the party should seek out his own personal shop in [[Amanta]] should they ever find themselves there.

With a few more hours left in the first day of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]], the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] took interest in a titanmetal forging class being taught. There, they were guided through crafting their own metallic work out of provided titanmetal. Some of the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] were unable to keep their craft together, but regardless, the party would later find out the titanmetal was an iron-titanmetal alloy that was extremely brittle. 

Once the class had concluded and the sun had set, the party decided to turn in for the evening. Back at their suite, they found a party favor bag with a coupon for [[Vellir]]’s chain of smithies, alongside several packages from the mysterious benefactor that kept finding them. 

The following day, [[Carla]] met the group once more in their suite, and the party decided to partake in the Painting Gallery [[Festival of the White Flame|festival]] for the second day. They were first drawn toward a slightly disturbed looking artist displaying three paintings: *The Battle of Midnight*, *The Depths*, and *Regicide*. The paintings depicted strange, pale worms with circular rows of teeth attacking knights of [[Luxen]], faceless creatures in a dark cavern, and fleshy [[Dragons|dragon]] abominations filling the streets of [[Luxen]], respectively. Each depicted horrors from across [[Matar]], across different times. The man claimed those brave enough could enter a painting, fight what was depicted, and come out with rewards. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] paid an admission fee and entered the *Regicide* painting. Inside, they battled some magically enhanced knights from [[Luxen]] alongside their fleshy [[Dragons|dragon]] creature. They seemed to be fighting during the period of time where the [[Talons of Scarlet]] assassinated [[Korrin|King Korrin]]. After the beast and the knights were slain, the party took some equipment and were transported back to the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. 

Next, [[Carla]] recommended a shortcut toward a painting class the group wished to try. While shuffling behind several stalls to cut across the plaza, [[Akalar]] was ambushed by a young [[Blood-Siren]]. The [[Blood-Siren]] turned out to be named [[Patricia]], the young woman that ran the counter of the [[Siren’s Kiss]]. She was the one that had blood-bound [[Akalar]] after [[Wren]] freed him from the original binding. She had a brunette ponytail and blue eyes surrounded by the blood-red ring. Her red amulet glowed slightly. She told the group she wished to join them on their adventure, and that she had no interest in remaining in [[Atrae]]. [[Patricia]] also added that her father was not blood-bound, so she didn’t inherit all the “consequences”, though she was still a [[Blood-Siren]]. [[Akalar]] seemed ecstatic at the idea, seeing her as another daughter, or even a granddaughter, though it was unclear if it was his will or hers. The party was cautious and made sure she intended to free [[Akalar]] when the time came. All [[Patricia]] agreed to was that she did not oppose the idea, but could not agree to it blindly yet. 

The group finally came to the painting class, taught by an airy elven woman. They took their places, and each painted a subject of their choice as the teacher guided them. Some did not turn out quite as desired, but [[Vinio]] seemed hesitant to show the group what he had painted. [[Carla]] specifically asked him, so he abashedly showed her. When she saw the painting, her eyes grew wide, and she ran off, not saying a word. [[Vinio]] seemed disappointed, but not entirely disheartened, as it was a portrait of [[Carla]], skillfully done for a beginner painter. 

For the last event of the day, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] visited an old fellow who had seven different paintings on display. They were of various places across [[Matar]]: [[Ancient Skies]], [[Obsidian Abyss]], [[Sparkling Pit]], [[Haunted Mansion]], [[Luxen Ruins]], [[Prince's Regret]], and the [[Amanta Throne Room]]. He explained they were his life’s work, made to impress a mysterious “master artist” that lived on the mountain housing the [[Ancient Skies]]. He said he planned on retiring, and that the artist was not impressed with his works. Seeing [[Alicia]], the old man, named [[Cento]], offered his polished paintbrush to [[Alicia]], asking if she’d take up the challenge. She agreed, thanking [[Cento]] for the brush by giving him the painting she had done in the previous class. [[Cento]] seemed ecstatic to receive the gift and began to pack up his stall.

The group began the descent back to their suite, stopping along the way to restock on supplies and to sell some equipment they had been storing for some time. 

Back at the suite, [[Vinio]] was disappointed to not find [[Carla]], but the group found another [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] gift, a locket with each of their portraits depicted within. 