[[The Dragonguard]] discussed [[Vespello]]’s revelations, learning that though [[Lokth]]’s family history was mostly lost, he did know he and [[Carla]] were descended from Kanor and Natalia as well, making [[Vespello]] a distant great-uncle. [[Lokth]] even hypothesized that [[Carla]]’s unique powers could have been inherited from Natalia, though they had little else of their drop of [[Night Fae]] ancestry. [[Lokth]] offered his councilor’s carriage to join [[the Dragonguard]] back in [[Haven]], and the group set off. 

As they neared [[Haven]], they saw a commotion and queue at the city gates. One of [[Lokth]]’s knights discovered it was due to a member of the Queensguard being in the city alongside a detachment of [[White Flame knights]]. It did not appear they were searching for anyone, so the group decided it was merely coincidence. [[Lokth]] offered two disguises, and [[the Dragonguard]] opted for forest-colored traveling gear to sneak through the city back to the Veltia. [[The Dragonguard]] donned their disguises, and they, alongside [[Carla]] and Aifa, parted ways with [[Lokth]]. 

[[Vespello]] and [[Carla]] led the way through the city, taking care to avoid officials of the city and the crown both. They met up with a hunter band from [[Locations/Matar/Silva/index|Silva]] led by a man named Luca, traded some gear with them, then continued toward the docks. On the way, they felt a disturbing pulse scan through the city, sensing a slight hint of [[Doom magic]] on the spell as well. They decided to up their pace to the Veltia. 

At the threshold of the city and the docks, a strange fellow shrouded in a white cloak warned the group that the Queen’s Blade sensed their presence and had sent her huntresses after them. The figure refused to reveal his identity and vanished back into the city. The group rushed to the Veltia, already spotting [[Noki]] preparing the ship. Once they were aboard, they spotted a well-formed retinue of cloaked huntresses rushing through the city gates. As [[the Dragonguard]] set out toward the sea with both Aifa’s and Sylvaed’s magic assisting the sails, they spotted the huntresses boarding their own vessel with the symbol of a white flame with a purple blade cutting behind it. 

Though [[the Dragonguard]] made great time and speed toward the [[Altas Mountains]], the Veltia could not outrun the wind-magic engines aboard the huntresses’ ship. After a brief parlay where both sides agreed they would have to do battle, the huntresses fired grappling hooks to the Veltia as both ships slowed to engage. [[The Dragonguard]] emerged victorious against the huntresses’ blades and arrows, the final one warning them the Queen’s Blade would find them in the end. They asked the last huntress to take a message to [[Talla]], which he agreed to, vanishing back aboard their ship as they peeled off back toward [[Haven]].

In the evening, the Veltia fished up a corpse dressed in mere rags. His eyes were completely destroyed and dripping silver liquid like the mage they battled near [[Illeta]]. [[Paola]] stated rather coldly he was likely a dead Mageron slave and to send him overboard, that he no longer cared what they did to him; he was dead. Despite her words, [[Paola]] seemed deeply bothered and secluded herself to the other end of the ship. 

As the group began to leave the Altas in the distance back on the eastern end of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], [[the Dragonguard]] spotted a figure on the distant cliffs looking toward the sea. Before [[Noki]] could get a good look through his spyglass, the figure had vanished. [[Noki]] said he did spot the glint of armor, or so he thought.

Before resting for the evening at the insistence of [[Paola]], [[the Dragonguard]] gave her the relics to very briefly examine to ensure they seemed at least similar to [[Allunaris]]’s ring. 

In the morning, [[the Dragonguard]] found the relics returned to their bags and [[Paola]] keeping Aifa alert with her magic as they drifted by the ever-glowing city of [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]]. Quietly, the group discussed what to do with the Veltia as they neared the end of their journey. After extending a spot in their mission to Aifa, Aifa offered the idea of giving the Veltia to [[Noki]], much to [[Akalar]]’s delight. They decided to keep it a secret until they neared the forest mouth where [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s gondola sat. Once [[Noki]] had rowed them to the shore, Aifa allowed [[Akalar]] to break the news. [[Noki]] was flabbergasted, but thanked everyone, Aifa and [[Akalar]] especially, for what this trip had meant to him. 

With their goodbyes said, [[the Dragonguard]], alongside Aifa, [[Carla]], and [[Paola]], boarded [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s gondola. Aifa was quite uneasy about the idea of flying on a ship, and [[Paola]] nearly passed out from exhaustion before she got the gondola airborne. 

An unnatural cloud cover set in as they neared the temple nestled in the [[Dragons|Dragon]] Forest. Once the last grouping of trees was sailed over, [[Paola]] exclaimed, “Dear spirits,” at what she beheld. [[The Dragonguard]] followed her gaze to see the [[Scarlet Temple]] infested with [[Doom Magic|Doom]] spores, not unlike [[Allunaris]]’s castle. The tower where they studied his ring was completely enveloped in one of the orbs of darkness. Gravity itself seemed suspended in the area around the temple, as if the entire structure had been put in some vile stasis…