After resupplying and a quick trip to [[Mirina]] where she actually returned something to [[Arturo]], [[the Dragonguard]] made their way to the war room, where they found [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s gondola and a few of their friends waiting. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Wren]] bade them good luck on their journey to find the enchantment formula fragments, and the group was off with their new companion [[Paola]]. 

As the gondola made its way stealthily up the coast toward [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]], [[Paola]] explained some of the culture of the Magerony, namely the more generic surnames she and her three partners had. She explained that those in the Magerony not born into a prestigious mage family usually still get a surname related to whatever spirit or demon they have affinity toward. [[Paola]]’s specialty was Sloth magic, therefore she gained the name of Dorisonno, though she said she’d been a part of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s house for years and years. 

[[Paola]] also gave some precursory information about [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] to orient [[the Dragonguard]]. The city’s councilor was Ari, a man who had overthrown the previous councilor [[Renner]], who turned out to be a Mageron. Ari had a pair of twins, Iris and Ilyas, who were Archmage and Knight-Captain, respectively. [[Paola]] said the twins often spoke highly that they were half-Mageron, but no one knew which of their parents was the Mageron. 

The city of [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] came into sight, a city of sandstone nestled on the coastal cliffs, topped with colorful rooves not unlike [[Illeta]]. The water around [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] was extremely clear, which allowed the coral nestled along the island to glow with its vibrant colors. 

The gondola descended to the shoreline to allow [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Paola]] to disembark into the sands outside [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]]. The party agreed to let [[Paola]] investigate the city overnight, then plan their entry the following day. 

During the night, [[Arturo]] seemed to have spotted a figure further inland in the sands watching the group, though he and [[Vespello|Lette]] could find no trace of anyone following them. Though he seemed anxious still, [[Arturo]] eventually found some rest. 

When [[Paola]] returned, she offered two options for both entering the city, and getting a ship to [[Haven]]. To enter the city, they could try to talk their way past the knights, though she did not know what information the knights had to look out for. The alternative was an abandoned portion of the city’s large, underground waterway. Once inside, they could either find a captain in the city, then try to escape through the docks, but [[Paola]] warned that the docks were extremely regulated. If they tried that path, they would likely have to scuffle with the knights on their way out. The other option was to enlist the help of a figure called the “Illusionist” who seemed to be running people out of their coins in a duelist arena called the “Aquarium”. [[Paola]] reckoned someone named the Illusionist could trick the knights well enough to escape, and the Illusionist’s partner happened to be a ship captain himself. [[The Dragonguard]] decided on entering [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] via the waterway and enlisting the Illusionist, so they made their way to the waterway grate just be the sealine.

At the waterway, [[Vespello|Lette]] managed to sneak into the tunnels, lure a staff worker toward the grate, and [[Paola]] put them to sleep. The group pilfered the keys off the sleeping worker and snuck into the locked, abandoned portion of the waterway. 

The abandoned section’s waters did not flow, and they heard several entities making noise that echoed off the stones. The party moved carefully through the tunnels. At a junction in the waterway, [[the Dragonguard]] found oversized, gilded toads hopping around the stonework. They seemed drawn to gold coins, but they also appeared hostile as the group approached. [[The Dragonguard]] wished to explore that path further, so they defeated the toads, which all dematerialized into golden mist. Farther into the waterway, they found another creature seemingly cursed by gold: a kraken-like creature clambering over the walkways. [[Vespello|Lette]] attempted to sneakily open a chest across from the kraken, but he found it empty. The kraken happened to the spot the group, so they had no choice but to defeat this creature, as well. Once it had been slain, the frequent noises echoing through the abandoned stones seemed to fade. [[Paola]] and [[the Dragonguard]] began to theorize these could be remnants from the previous councilor, and they were likely cursed with Greed magic… 