[[The Dragonguard]] continued traversing the abandoned waterway, finding it now empty after defeating the Greed-infested kraken creature. They were able to connect back to the main waterway via a door hidden by an illusory brick wall. The wall wavered with midnight blue magic, but [[the Dragonguard]] continued through, up metal rungs to a manhole cover, and into an alleyway in [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]].

They found themselves on the eastern half of the man-made, crescent-shaped bay at the northern tip of [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]]. Across the way, they saw the city walls protecting [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] from the oceans to the north, armed with cannons that seemed to be enchanted with the glowing coral from below the bay’s clear waters. With a plan to divide into subgroups but stay within sight of one another, [[the Dragonguard]] carefully traversed the outer ring of the man-made bay to avoid the heavily regulated docks. Nightfall had already hit by the time the group neared the other half of the bay where The Aquarium was located, the shorter day attributed to the northern location of the city. [[The Dragonguard]] merged with the groups of spectators flocking toward the duelist arena.

The arena was nestled along a long, waterfront street that overlooked the glowing bay. [[Paola]] waited by the stone railing along the waterfront while [[the Dragonguard]] made their way to the arena to meet the Illusionist. [[Akalar]], [[Alicia]], [[Celeste|Aurora]], and [[Aksell]] all made their way into the underground arena as fighters, while [[Vespello|Lette]] and [[Arturo]] ventured back toward the now-closed ticket vendor to see if they could retrieve tickets despite the late hour. 

When no one answered the knock at the ticket booth, [[Arturo]] attempted to pick the lock on the building, but the pair was interrupted by a man wearing the thin silks, glowing armor pieces, and a cape befit the city’s Knight-Order. The cape itself had a piece of the glowing coral symbolized on its folds. The smiley individual, with dark, shoulder-length hair partially pulled into a braided ponytail, introduced himself as Ilyas, Knight-Captain of [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]]. His eyes were a pale lilac. [[Vespello|Lette]] and [[Arturo]] tried to lie their way out of the situation, but Ilyas seemed to see through their deception. He offered them one chance to tell the truth, and that they may even be rewarded for it. The pair decided to reveal themselves truly to the Knight-Captain. Ilyas nodded, said he did not believe they were involved in the Loyalist threat, and gave them a set of VIP tickets to The Aquarium. With their newfound tickets in hand, the pair ventured into the arena themselves and joined the VIP box, though they kept to themselves to avoid detection by the nearby councilor Ari.

The other four were teamed up and escorted to the arena proper, a small field protected by a large, glass dome wall that looked out into the underwater bay. The Illusionist appeared in an ethereal-looking cloak alongside their partner, Aifa. Aifa wore a long, black captain’s coat adorned with gold filaments. He had a tanner complexion, blond, shoulder-length hair with darker roots, and dark brown eyes. On his belt was a rapier. The Illusionist goaded the crowd with dramatic waves, though they gave pause when looking at [[the Dragonguard]], tilting their cloaked head momentarily. Battle began.

The Illusionist was able to create projected clones of themselves to avoid most attacks, and they attacked with a fast-as-light bolt of midnight blue magic. Aifa fought with his rapier and storm-like abilities. [[The Dragonguard]] eventually defeated Aifa and finally overwhelmed the Illusionist and their projections. After the match was decided, the Illusionist whispered in their ears to meet them back in the combatant’s alcove. 

With that, all the combatants departed the arena. With all matches concluded, the crowds also began to disperse. The four fighters regrouped with [[Vespello|Lette]] and [[Arturo]] and cut their way through the crowds to the combatant’s alcove. After a quick trip to [[Mirina]]’s tower, the group spotted the Illusionist and Aifa emerging from the underground stairwell to the arena.

When the Illusionist entered the alcove, their illusory aura had been dropped, and they could now see she was wearing normal traveling clothes and leathers. She rushed up to each of them and wrapped them in tight embraces. She threw her hood down to reveal that the Illusionist was in fact [[Carla]]. She explained she had managed to convince her father to let her travel, especially if he wanted her to “earn” the councillorship to avoid nepotism some cities still practiced. [[Carla]] also explained that she had always had this unique magic ability, but that her father always forbade her to use it publicly. [[Carla]] and Aifa quickly agreed to take on [[the Dragonguard]] as additional crew aboard Aifa’s ship, the Veltia, after [[the Dragonguard]] caught [[Carla]] up on what had happened since the tournament. 

[[Carla]] used her magic to alter the ship manifest without disturbing the enchanted seal, so [[the Dragonguard]] was able to smuggle themselves past the Knight-Order checkpoint. Aifa ferried the group out of the city on the Veltia’s rowboat toward where the Veltia itself was moored. At the ship, Aifa’s other crewmate helped pulley the rowboat back up, and [[Akalar]] was reunited with his son, [[Noki]]. After a brief catchup, everyone but [[Paola]] and Aifa rested. [[Paola]] offered to help keep Aifa awake while he steered the ship toward [[Haven]]. With the help of his own storm magic, the head start had the Veltia well out to sea by morning. 

In the morning, [[the Dragonguard]] found that Aifa hardly even looked tired. [[Paola]] stood next to him, pulling out some magical energy from Aifa into herself. Her eyes were quite baggy and her eyes bloodshot. It seemed she was sapping the drowsiness from Aifa. 

[[Carla]] and [[Noki]] quickly called [[the Dragonguard]] over as the party was now within sight of both the [[Altas Mountains]] and [[The Blood Fog]]. Though they were still several miles away from both, [[Carla]] and [[Noki]] had spotted something near [[The Blood Fog]] with their spyglasses. Crows were circling something unseen far ahead in the distance, a strange sight to see this far out at sea. [[The Dragonguard]] also felt a prickle in their powers, noticing that they had been sapped just barely, almost imperceptible. Strangely, [[Carla]] felt no such effect. Though [[Carla]] and Aifa warned [[The Blood Fog]] was dangerous and the magic “wall” between [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] and the Magerony, [[the Dragonguard]] had a feeling this effect may be coming from a relic with the enchantment they sought. 

Aifa turned the Veltia toward the group’s new heading to investigate what the crows had found so interesting… 