[[Carla]]’s magic was able to get [[the Dragonguard]] successfully through the portcullis into [[Haven]] proper. They navigated to a central plaza with a statue of the old fire god, [[Greth]]. [[Carla]] told [[the Dragonguard]] she and Aifa would wait for them to finish their business at the Scarlet Taproom near the eastern exit of [[Haven]]. With that settled, [[the Dragonguard]] made their way to Charity’s Folly. 

At the grand, beached ship-turned-headquarters, the mages standing guard seemed to recognize [[Vespello|Lette]]’s name, though the illusion covering his shadows was beginning to falter. At what was the captain’s quarters when the ship was seaworthy, [[Vespello|Lette]] ended the ruse with the grand mages standing guard. One of the mages ordered [[the Dragonguard]] to gather, then ventured within to ask [[Mira]] if she would see the group. He emerged and stated the councilor, and her Knight-Captain, would see them.

The pair of women were certainly surprised [[the Dragonguard]] waltzed into the office of the most powerful councilor of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], but [[Mira]] would hear out their reasoning. [[Gale]], Knight-Captain and [[The Rectifiers|Former Rectifier]], seemed most on-edge, not believing [[the Dragonguard]] were working for [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], revealing that [[the Rectifiers]] were allies of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] in their day. [[Gale]] refused to accept that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] would reach out to such weaklings that had not proven themselves rather than those she already knew had the mettle to face the Magerony. 

[[Mira]] interrupted the former and current heroes to offer a political bargain to [[the Dragonguard]]. She had a [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton that had been removed from [[Greth]]’s tower, now called The Lighthouse, that refused to be destroyed, even by spells from the time of The Great Hunt that were woven specifically for destroying the magical skeletons. [[Mira]] offered a pair of magic boots that she said helped her win magic duels in her youth that may hold an enchantment similar to the one for which [[the Dragonguard]] were searching. She also wanted to know the location of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and her house as insurance. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed to both conditions, though [[Mira]] did warn that if they could not destroy the skeleton, her hands would be tied. [[Gale|Knight-Captain Gale]] declared she would be resigning from her post if [[the Dragonguard]] turned out to be using [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] as a cover story to aid the enemy. With the meeting settled, [[Gale]] escorted [[the Dragonguard]] to the special diplomat suite one deck below, only because [[Mira]] ordered her to do so. [[The Dragonguard]] visited [[Mirina]], then rested for the evening.

In the morning, [[Gale]] escorted the group to the covered scaffolding just off the coast beyond Charity’s Folly, carefully examining the magic cannons along the wall as she did so. Once some of her knights rowed the group over to the scaffolding, they met up with the new Keeper of The Lighthouse, [[Karth]], also a [[The Rectifiers|former Rectifier]]. [[Karth]] guided them lower into the center of the scaffolding where they found a dark gray, crystalline [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton suspended above the water’s surface. [[Karth]] seemed enthralled by the project, but he did seem to want to let the [[Dragons|dragon]] pass on in peace. [[Akalar]] lost his footing and slipped off the scaffolding but found he could walk across the surface of the sea inside the scaffolding ring. His friends followed, and [[Gale]] and [[Karth]] journeyed to the top level to observe. 

With their feet suspended with wind magic, [[the Dragonguard]] approached the skeleton, finding its eyes beginning to light up in a gray-silver light. A deep voice reverberated in their minds, introducing themselves as Sylvaed, formerly known as the Wind God of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. Sylvaed mentioned the time when they and their fellow “gods” and “goddesses” helped [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] push out the Magerony, but they also revealed that godhood was not exactly an actual seat of power. It was merely what they turned into over the ages. Sylvaed also warned that they could sense the magic of Tenebrous amongst [[the Dragonguard]] and to exercise caution with him. 

Sylvaed continued that they were an old, fading soul that was clinging onto this world from worry, waiting and hoping they could see the tides turning for the good before they finally let go. They spoke of a recent time and another group that ventured into [[Haven]], but that they were not quite at a level that would allay their fears. When the group introduced themselves as [[the Dragonguard]], Sylvaed laughed at the irony, and revealed that they were, in fact, one of the creators of the old body. Sylvaed found irony in that [[the Dragonguard]] had returned and were yet again working with Mageron traitors. 

[[The Dragonguard]] asked a few questions of Sylvaed before taking on their proving. They learned Sylvaed was of the line of [[Ager]], one of the original two [[dragons]] [[Founders|the Founders]] created when they forged the [[Drop of Creation]]. Sylvaed’s memory seemed foggy, and they even theorized [[Founders|the Founders]] were somehow doing this intentionally with their rule-breaking proclivity. Sylvaed could not recall any [[Founders|Founder]] names, but when asked about [[Allunaris]] and [[Nerasang]], they remembered that [[Nerasang]] was a direct descendant of [[Ager]], and one of the worst of their kind. 

[[The Dragonguard]] at last agreed to undertake Sylvaed’s test to earn their blessing. After solving a summoning ritual with some stone totems, [[dragons]] and [[Dragons|dragon]] riders forged from raging wind itself materialized, challenging [[the Dragonguard]] to combat. [[The Dragonguard]] emerged victorious, dissipating the last bit of Sylvaed’s once mighty winds…