While [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and her inner circle spoke with [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] on how they could decrypt the magic formula in the ring, [[Gabriel]] stepped forward to explain what he called “diving”. He theorized that with [[Wren]] and [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s help, he could cast the spell strong enough to have [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] dive into the enchantment itself to unravel its secrets, for it was too powerful for [[Wren]] to decrypt by normal means. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] agreed to the trial and would meet with the group at the Mageron relic tower the following morning. They spent the rest of the evening resupplying and visiting [[Mirina]].

The next day in the research tower, [[Gabriel]] and [[Wren]] had already prepped the ring for the dive. [[Corvus]] also joined the group to observe, leaning against a cane, though his magic seemed to have largely healed his wounds from the Corrector. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] readied themselves, and [[Wren]], [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], and [[Gabriel]] cast a spell to send [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] into the ring.

Inside the ring, the party found [[Founders|Founder]] [[Allunaris]] sat upon a dark throne, alone in a nightlike void. [[Allunaris]] spoke with the party, appearing largely similar to the stained-glass depiction they saw in his castle. They learned that what they spoke to was a lingering remnant of [[Allunaris]], part of a failed “backup plan” of his. [[Selina]] was apparently part of that backup plan, as he asked [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] if she yet again walked the earth as the [[Selina|Doomqueen]]. He realized she had played him for a fool when he found out [[Selina]] had in fact returned to the world, but not as a corrupted queen of corruption. 

Despite being dead, [[Allunaris]]’s remnant still spoke with command and arrogance over people he saw as lesser. Anytime his death or [[Korrin|King Korrin]] was mentioned, he grew quickly irritated, though he seemed to gain a touch of relief when [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] told him only a specter of [[Korrin]] lingered in his old throne room. [[Allunaris]] seemed relieved [[Korrin]] only found the secret to kill him possibly using his own secrets. 

[[Allunaris]] also told the group that he reached into wherever it is the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] originates and pulled a piece of power of that force out from oblivion itself, wielding it like a blade as he destroyed [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] time and time again. That is, until [[Korrin]] and his allies killed him, which [[Allunaris]] said was the first time any of [[Founders|the Founders]] had been killed. Though he held a few cards close to his chest, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] learned that [[Founders|the Founders]] had some sort of schism after they forged the [[Drop of Creation]], [[Allunaris]] adding that some of his comrades “grew hearts”. He added with malice in his voice that [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] was one of them, after learning that one of his descendants was helping [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]], and that he and his friends “took care of him". 

To make his arrogance tangible, he showed [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] a vision of the main city of the Magerony during the height of [[Founders|the Founders]]’ power. He claimed their island once housed three different kingdoms, though [[Founders|the Founders]] razed the other two to nothing. 

His interest fading, [[Allunaris]] offered [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] a proving before he wiped them away and pulled them to a recreation of what appeared to be [[Selina’s Blight]]. The magic circle where they met [[Riel]] was active, seemingly recreating the moment [[Allunaris]] was called to the world. He faded away as, in the distance, [[dragons]] all enchanted with various magic broke through the dark clouds, flying around aimlessly. 

Around the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] crystals locking them in [[Allunaris]]’s circle, the party found a magic formula in the sand, some of it holding odd relics within. In the center of the circle was a slab with each [[Candidates|Doomlord]]’s and [[Candidates|Doomlady]]’s name, from the [[Third Doom]]. As they activated enchantments under each name, it called forth dragonlings enchanted by their various powers. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] began to hunt each dragonling type, and they dropped various relics that seemed to relate to each [[Candidates|Doomlord]] and [[Candidates|Doomlady]]. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] hunted for the relics they thought would complete the magic circle… 