The final relic [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] placed was the correct one, and all fifteen magic circles were sealed. The magic ring reacted, showing [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] brief glimpses of humanoid figures, all seemingly related to the [[Candidates|Doomlords]] and [[Candidates|Doomladies]]. After they faded, an angered [[Allunaris]] reappeared, threatening [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] he would dispatch them with a companion not even the [[Bloodied Heroes]] faced. He conjured a magic circle of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] runes that seemed to reach into another realm. A roaring [[Dragons|dragon]], far corrupted by [[Doom magic]] erupted from the circle. It had [[Doom Magic|Doom crystals]] littering its body, it had night-black scales that seemed to absorb all nearby light, and it breathed purple and black flames. [[Allunaris]] introduced the beast as [[Nerasang]] the Lightdrinker. 

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] battled the beast, getting battered and nearly broken. They dealt a grievous blow to the assumed recreation of [[Allunaris]]’s companion which brought forth the [[Founders|Founder]]’s remnant once more. At his wit’s end with beings he saw as inferior, he began to blast [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] with an intense gale wind of dark magic, conjuring corrupting [[Doom Magic|Doom]] runes on their bodies. They were forced to their knees as they pushed back against [[Allunaris]] and [[Nerasang]]. 

At this moment, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] broke through the enchantment, semi-transparent as she used her own power to appear in [[Allunaris]]’s recreated ritual site. She urged [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to get to their feet, but to rise as new heroes, to stand with every legendary group of heroes that came before them. She urged them to rise now as the “[[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]”. [[The Dragonguard]] got to their feet, burning away the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] runes. As they readied their weapons once again, the magical nudge from [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] brought forth their inner power, symbolized by a glowing golden tattoo upon each of their backs of a shield flanked by a set of [[Dragons|dragon]] wings. Empowered by this new magic, they each sent forward a blast of heroic magic, disintegrating both [[Allunaris]] and [[Nerasang]], freeing themselves from the cursed ring.

Back in the relic tower of the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Temple, they found the ring was now exuding a glowing magic formula around the glass dome in which it was contained. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] urged them to let [[Gabriel]] and [[Wren]] decrypt the formula while she showed them a gift to go alongside their new titles in her court. 

In the residential district of the temple, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] guided them to a multi-level manor near the center of the district, just behind the overgrown fountain. Above the marble columns providing the support for the manor, they saw the eroded remnants of an emblem that closely resembled the tattoos they all materialized. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained that as she journeyed across some forgotten ruins of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], she found references to this group called the “[[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]”. She surmised that they may have once been the precursor to what Matarans now called Knight Orders, and that they had traitorous [[dragons]] on their side that no longer wished to serve the Magerony. She mused it was poetic they take up this ancient mantle since they themselves were working with a Mageroness traitor. 

[[The Dragonguard]] learned that the manor would be theirs. It housed a large main hall, a sitting area, a full kitchen, a sunroom, suites on the second level with guest rooms, and a basement armory. They met the seneschal for the manor, Regal Caritenza, who had long silvery hair tied in a neat ponytail and turquoise-and-gold eyes. He was very polite to [[the Dragonguard]] and offered his services whenever they needed them as he guided them through the manor. 

[[The Dragonguard]] began to decorate their new accommodations as they winded down to rest. They all discovered the glowing tattoos they saw in [[Allunaris]]’s realm stayed on their shoulder blades, though they did not glow as brightly in the real world. 

The following morning, Regal alerted the group a letter had been left overnight for them. Upon opening it, [[the Dragonguard]] learned that [[Vinio]] had left the temple, stating he had heard rumblings during their journeys of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] in the west. He said he wished to say his goodbyes in person, but he did not want to have the moralistic conversation about revenge. [[Vinio]] stated he knew it wasn’t the right answer, but it was the answer he needed. He wished [[the Dragonguard]] well on their journey and said he hoped to cross paths with them in the future. [[The Dragonguard]] found [[Vinio]]’s White Flame token enclosed in the envelope. They stored the letter and token safely in the manor, then journeyed back to the relic tower to see what [[Gabriel]] and [[Wren]] had discovered. 

With [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], her inner circle, [[Gabriel]], and her four main Magerons and Mageronesses gathered, everyone learned that the formula from [[Allunaris]]’s ring had been successfully cleansed, but the formula was incomplete. [[Wren]] lamented the formula was simply too old and had been cursed by [[Allunaris]] for too long. Her and [[Gabriel]] agreed they would need more fragments of the same magic formula, but they disagreed on how many. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed to go with the safer bet of [[Wren]]’s three. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] told [[the Dragonguard]] this would be their first mission with their new titles, but that they would have complete oversight and decision on how to complete it. She told them she hoped they had met notable figures along their journey that may have knowledge or even possess a relic with the same enchantment. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] also offered one of her four Magerons or Mageronesses to accompany them: [[Lhant|Lhant Vanite]], [[Sovier]] Lussamora, [[Paola|Paola Dorisonno]], or [[Lambert]] Irallera. [[The Dragonguard]] learned each of them pulled their strength from demons, Pride, [[Lust Demon|Lust]], Sloth, and Wrath, respectively. They chose [[Paola]] to bolster the magic-casting of their team. 

[[The Dragonguard]] reflected on their journey, agreeing that they would first visit [[Haven]] and [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]]. They would do so by way of [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] to the north, then charter a ship from there to the western side of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. They headed down to the market level of the temple to resupply, then they would return to take [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s enchanted gondola to [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]]…