[[The Dragonguard]] and the Veltia’s crew continued sailing closer to [[The Blood Fog]] to investigate what the crows were encircling. With the dark wall of clouds interspersed with red lightning looming in the background, the group discovered the crows were circling a shipwreck, though there appeared to be no bodies. [[The Dragonguard]] took the Veltia’s rowboat to investigate while the other crew stayed on the ship at a distance, using [[Carla]]’s illusion magic to partially hide the vessel.

Among the wreckage of the ship, [[the Dragonguard]] discovered several crates, barrels, and trunks of remaining supplies. While gathering these supplies, a group of sharks attacked the group. The sharks were infested by parasitic eels known as electrosites. 

After dispatching the electrosites and their hosts, [[Celeste|Aurora]] dove into the water to investigate the destroyed mast and the sail wrapped around it. She found a bundle wrapped in the cloth with hints of more eels writhing around the body-shaped bundle. [[Celeste|Aurora]] emerged and helped her allies dig up the cloth and bundle hidden within. The cloth ripped in two, revealing the remnants of a symbol of intertwining [[dragons]] wrapping around a magic staff. The body emerged from the depths spilling over with electrosites infesting his flesh. The man was clearly deceased, only being animated by the overflowing electrosites. He appeared to be a Mageron, wearing similar, long-flowing fashion adorned with pieces of dark silver armor. On his breastplate was the same symbol of the intertwining [[dragons]]. 

After precarious battle over pieces of wrecked ship, [[the Dragonguard]] defeated the infected Mageron, [[Aksell]] cutting the body in two. As the body sank into the depths as the electrosites continued to feast on it, the man’s mouth twitched with a slight smile, and his eyes flashed with a brief light of silver. From the remains of the long-dead Mageron, [[the Dragonguard]] found a calcified electrosite. Whoever held the calcified creature found their magic abilities being sapped, though whatever was hidden within seemed to be being held at bay by the electrosite’s body. [[The Dragonguard]] pocketed what they hoped would be another Mageron relic and returned to the Veltia to finish their journey to [[Haven]].

On the last leg of their voyage, [[the Dragonguard]] asked [[Carla]] what to expect in [[Haven]]. [[Carla]] explained [[Mira]] was an ambitious mage councilor that nearly acted as Archmage herself, though she was loyal to [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]], as the two are close. [[Carla]] personally thought [[Mira]] would vie for the throne assuming [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] named no heir as she left behind the crown, though there were no indications [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] planned on retiring anytime soon. The group agreed that they may be able to secure her help, and even a relic she may have in her possession, if they proved useful to her personally. [[Gale|Knight-Captain Gale]] would be another potential obstacle, as her main focus was preparing [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] against the Mageron threat after having personally rectified the broken crown. 

[[The Dragonguard]] agreed to let [[Vespello|Lette]] take the lead in offering themselves up to negotiate rather than sneaking into the city, hoping the show of good will would get them in front of at least [[Gale]], and hopefully [[Mira]] herself. [[Carla]] and Aifa would wait for the group at the eastern exit of the city to continue on to [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]], assuming their business in [[Haven]] went well. 

The city of [[Haven]] came into view at last, a city of dark stone buildings, red and black rooftops, permanently blanketed in a light snow and holly winterberries. The Lighthouse, [[Greth]]’s former tower, stood tall near the docks, the dark crystal [[Dragons|dragon]] statue seemingly removed recently. This building had been repurposed into a hospital, research center, and headquarters for the Mage Order of [[Haven]]. Charity’s Folly, a grand vessel of white wood and marble several times the size of [[the Rigalipio]], sat permanently docked, partially pulled into the city as a building itself. The crow’s nest of the ship housed a great scarlet fire that gave the city a warm glow and heat. This ship, according to [[Vespello|Lette]], was where the Knight Order and [[Mira]] herself called home. This would be their destination. 

[[Carla]] began to work her magic to obfuscate [[Vespello|Lette]] enough to get them past the docks and into the city…