After conquering Sylvaed’s proving against the [[Dragons|dragon]] riders made of pure wind, Sylvaed bestowed a blessing of wind magic upon [[the Dragonguard]], granting mounted or vehicular travel a slight burst of speed. Sylvaed’s skeleton began to crack apart as it at last fell into the sea, piece by piece. As they faded away to whatever awaited, they found irony in that [[dragons]] always cling to life so desperately, yet the time they had was never meant to be in the first place. [[The Dragonguard]] found their golden tattoos had gained a longer set of horns on the depicted [[Dragons|dragon]] shape. 

With impressed words from [[Karth]] and [[Gale]], [[the Dragonguard]] made their way back to [[Mira]]’s chambers. [[Mira]] honored her end of the bargain, giving [[the Dragonguard]] her old magic duelist boots. She explained the enchantment could be aimed toward a target to weaken their magic abilities, so it stood to reason it was similar to what they sought. She warned them she always felt “off” wearing them. [[The Dragonguard]] stowed the boots away, had their farewells with [[Gale]] and [[Mira]], and set off toward the Scarlet Taproom.

With Aifa and [[Carla]] back in the group, the lot continued out of [[Haven]]’s exit to journey toward [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]]. [[Carla]] announced that she had already arranged a large carriage to carry them to [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]]. Once aboard, the driver set off into the Altas Forest where [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]] lay nestled. 

The city in-progress came into view, dark stone buildings nestled close together, a waterway under construction, and a large stone palace with three minarets rising above it. Moss and trees covered every inch of the city, and a near second city of carriages carrying mages, knights, and stonemasons from [[Haven]] sat outside the half-built walls. 

Inside, near the large palace, the party spotted [[Carla]]’s father and councilor of [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]], [[Lokth]]. He and his knights initially partially drew their blades, but [[Carla]] calmed them down. [[Lokth]] remembered he did in fact still owe [[the Dragonguard]], even if they were wanted. After explaining their end of the events in [[Illeta]] and their current quest, [[Lokth]] began escorting them toward a mausoleum nestled behind the palace known as White Hand Plaza. 

[[Lokth]] explained the ring that had been giving [[Vespello|Lette]] visions of his apparent past had another piece: a black gemstone cursed with an old magic. The gemstone once protected against some form of magic, though [[Lokth]] lamented his city’s and family’s history had been nearly completely destroyed by [[Korrin]] and his assailants. [[Lokth]] said his line was meant to keep the gemstone sealed somewhere safe, but that an evil presence lurked within the mausoleum. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed to dispel the evil within in the hopes the ring’s gem was what they sought. [[Lokth]]’s mages unsealed the mausoleum to allow [[the Dragonguard]] to delve within then sealed it behind them. 

Inside the mostly unused mausoleum, [[the Dragonguard]] found a large host of wraiths floating about the initial chamber. After using the flames held within the wraiths to unseal the inner chamber, [[the Dragonguard]] entered the deeper chamber. Inside they found a small room lit with black flames, a large wraith standing guard over a stone plinth. The wraith had a flowing cloak of dark ethereal magic, spikes of a crown poking through its head, and a black ethereal veil covering its face. The wraith screamed at the group, and they entered combat with it.

The wraith had strange magic, able to duplicate itself to provide itself more cover and even pull out seemingly “dark” versions of each [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] to fight alongside it. [[Vespello|Lette]] was able to fire the final shot to defeat the wraith, the bullet cracking through the darkness of the wraith, revealing a shining core that blinded each [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]. 

When their vision cleared, they found themselves spectating a snow-covered city that was largely unfamiliar. It was a large cityscape of dark stone, a large castle with spiraling towers looming over the streets. The knights bore crossed halberds emblazoned on their armor. The same woman with void-black skin and snow-white hair from [[Vespello|Lette]]’s strange visions walked through the city, sightseeing with a similar looking infant in her arms alongside a handmaid. The woman sent the handmaid on some errand, then ventured into an alley as a shortcut to show her infant more of the city. 

As the pair entered the alleyway, several cloaked figures glided down from the rooftops to ambush them. They each had gnarled hands of pure darkness, and their hoods exuded darkness as well. They warned with raspy voices that the woman, Natalia, would soon join them for their grand purpose of ushering [[Allunaris]] back into the world. [[The Dragonguard]] realized they were seeing an event from before The [[Third Doom]]. The woman chastised the cloaked figures, saying the moment they were offered power by [[Allunaris]] and a second name (that was concealed by a strange, glass shattering magic), they took it without a second thought. Natalia conjured a blade of bright white steel bearing a golden bronze gemstone seemingly out of thin air. With her child in one arm still, she dueled the figures, who seemed frightened of what they called a “Sunrise Blade”. The ones she cut burned away with white flames. Eventually, she was overwhelmed, and the blade cast away down the street. The figures surrounded Natalia and her child, charging up a dark spell. Natalia was struck by a conjoined dark beam that seemed to corrupt her with black tendrils of magic. Though she was in excruciating pain, Natalia waved a spell over her child she kept huddled against her chest, covering it with shadows of her own. What tendrils from the figures crawled over her toward the child were instead absorbed by a black ring on the infant’s finger, the same one [[Vespello|Lette]] now carried. 

The dark figures admired their work as the dark magic pulsated on Natalia. They said she would usher in the first step for [[Allunaris]], then they glided off into the city to cause more mayhem elsewhere. Eventually, Natalia’s handmaid found the pair. Natalia handed the child off to the handmaid, saying Kanor would need to hide the now cursed ring and keep the child safe in Sunset Forest. The handmaid seemed worried about the shadows covering the child, but Natalia allayed her fears, saying it was a trick to keep the child safe. The figures were convinced he had also been infected, but he was quite safe. Natalia bade the child farewell and ushered the handmaid off. 

As the darkness continued corrupting Natalia, she began casting a similar dark spell the figures had. A dark crown began to materialize between her hands as she looked toward the castle in the distance…

Back in [[Locations/Matar/White Hand City/index|White Hand City]], the white flash faded to reveal a glowing apparition of Natalia cracking through the dark wraith she once was moments ago. She caressed [[Vespello|Lette]]’s face, revealing herself as his mother. [[Vespello|Lette]]’s memories of childhood came rushing back as he looked back at the mother he lost as an infant. She dispelled the shadows covering [[Vespello|Lette]] to reveal his true form, causing a mirage effect blocking [[the Dragonguard]] from seeing the pair. She told him she lingered in her vile form, hoping to catch one last glimpse that her son had survived. Natalia told [[Vespello|Lette]] he may have the last few drops of [[Night Fae]] blood that walked the earth. As she began to fade away, she bade [[Vespello|Lette]] to be that light in the darkness, to be the brightest star in their peoples’ night sky he was named after: [[Vespello|Vespello Sunset]]. 

Once the wraith completed faded into glowing dust, the mirage faded to reveal [[Vespello|Lette]]’s, now [[Vespello]]’s, true form: a muscular mix of [[Doom Elf|Doom-elf]] and [[Night Fae]]. His complexion was the same void-black as his mother’s, his hair the same snow-white, windswept back down his head and a short length behind it. Through the lighter portions of his flesh, he could spy the purple hints of the [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-adjacent magic that came from his [[Doom Elf|Doom-elf]] blood. He and his allies both were in shock, processing what they had learned and seen. After fawning over his truth revealed, they decided to venture back above ground. All the wraiths that lingered in the mausoleum were nowhere to be seen. 

When they emerged, they saw [[Carla]], [[Lokth]], and several mages already deep in discussion. Once [[Lokth]] spied them emerging from below, he simply said, “I knew it”…