[[The Dragonguard]] set down on Diluvia just outside of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. As the city came into view, they could see that city defenses had been exponentially increased, and many more knights and mages were out patrolling the city. Very few civilians walked the streets. In the distance, at sea, the group spied a fleet of enemy ships poised to strike against the fleet of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. The sails of the enemy ships had a single blooddrop symbol on the fabric.

The knights allowed [[the Dragonguard]], or [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]], entry to the city where they stopped in the main plaza to restock and sell unneeded wares. 

The group continued northward to [[Dieter]]’s home, where they reunited with the kind councilor consulting with his knights and Archmage [[Azel]] over a map of the area. He voiced concern over Knight-Captain [[Cassian]], still being held in the nearby prisons, as well as the impending [[blood-siren]] force on their doorstep. The councilor wished them well and returned to his council. 

As [[the Dragonguard]] took the path leading toward a seaside cliff containing the prisons, Archmage [[Azel]] caught up with them. He again asked for their assistance with his underwater excursion to the ruins beneath [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. [[Azel]] added that it was to learn more about [[Dieter]], and that he had some suspicions about the councilor. Not that he believed the councilor was plotting against them, but he did not particularly like being at a disadvantage. He told the group they would go to a specific tower and search for a spell formula, likely heavily encrypted. The group agreed and took the rebreathers [[Azel]] provided, then proceeded to the prisons to speak to [[Cassian]].

In [[Cassian]]’s cell, the group found the man with disheveled, shoulder-length hair, and he had let his beard grow out. His eyes were baggy. He was a far cry from the stalwart Knight-Captain the group had befriended at the start of their journey. His irises were still clouded by the red of [[Nicoletta]]’s [[blood magic]]. In talking with [[Cassian]], they learned that he wished to join them for the upcoming war. [[Patricia]] had come to visit [[Cassian]], finding her way to [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] after the confusion at the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. [[Patricia]] had given [[Cassian]] samples of her own blood, which would keep [[Nicoletta]]’s spell at bay for a limited time. She also advised [[Cassian]] that older and more powerful [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] had some method of extending their life, even if they are defeated in combat. Though she had very few details, she knew [[the Dragonguard]] and their allies would have to find out how [[Nicoletta]] extended her life before truly confronting her. 

[[The Dragonguard]] discussed the ramifications before agreeing to bring [[Cassian]] along, especially since he still seemed to have violent outbursts, whether from what he’d been through or from [[Nicoletta]]’s spell, they did not know. They eventually agreed to bring him along, but they would decide at the war council whether or not it would be wise to keep him included in all discussions. 

Before bringing [[Cassian]] along, [[the Dragonguard]] advised him they would return after dealing with [[Azel]]’s request in the underwater ruins. With that, they set off to the fountain adorned with the gargantuan stone galleon and dove underneath the surface. 

They followed [[Azel]]’s rough instructions to a grand tower, located just underneath where [[Dieter]]’s home would be above. They were met by a door sealed by gold magic runes, as well as a gilded floor panel in front of the door. Through some trial and effort, the group discovered that the door would only unseal once the entirety of their gold was placed upon the panel. 

Inside, they found the ruins of a waterlogged suite. The bed and other furnishings had long since been disintegrated by water damage. Three magic cabinets held enchanted padlocks with a pair of boots, a violin, and a spell journal contained in each, respectively. [[The Dragonguard]] used some items they found in the tower and [[Arturo]]’s lockpicking skills to unseal each cabinet. Once the items they wished to keep and the spell journal were secured, the group departed the tower. Once they left, their gold pouches magically deducted the value of the items they took, even placing enchanted debts upon their pouches if they did not have enough gold. 

Back in the plaza, the group quickly visited [[Mirina]], who was successful in her raid against [[the Red Inquisitor]]’s stronghold. She also had a new sword equipped on her belt. Once the group returned to [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], they tried to investigate the journal, but found it was heavily encrypted as [[Azel]] had said. [[Lhant]] noticed that it emanated ‘charity’ magic, much like Regal uses. Since they could not discover much else, they reunited with both [[Azel]] and [[Cassian]], who were chatting with each other in the plaza. 

[[The Dragonguard]] reluctantly handed the journal over to [[Azel]], who seemed unsurprised the journal seemed to have Mageron magic within, but he would not reveal his full theory about [[Dieter]]. [[Azel]] told the group he likely could not even decrypt it, but it would still prove helpful in his dealings with [[Dieter]]. He gifted the group a touch of his magic to empower them, then went on his way without further word. 

 [[Cassian]] had been reequipped with some gear and was ready to set out. [[The Dragonguard]] decided to chat with [[Dieter]] once more before departing, so they went northward again. [[Dieter]] imparted on them, quietly, that he was unsure how long [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] could stand against the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. He had little info on [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], except that it seemed the city had fallen silent with little to no struggle. He graciously allowed [[the Dragonguard]] to call their [[Dragons|dragon]] back down in his courtyard, seemingly happy that the [[dragons]] appeared to be returning. The group bade the councilor farewell, promising him they would do everything they could at the war council to ensure [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] remained safe… 