[[The Dragonguard]] departed [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] atop Diluvia, taking a long path around to avoid getting too close to [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]]. Once near the large stone archway, the group landed, spotting large groups of refugees joining the flow into the mountain city. 

Shortly after the group entered the city, a dove dropped a coded letter to [[Arturo]], advising him to show his coin at the Roosting Dove and to ask for a room with a view. [[Arturo]] and [[the Dragonguard]] followed the coded message’s instructions, finding a large suite with very few interesting features. After looking around briefly, [[Rusland]] entered via a secret bookshelf passageway. 

[[Rusland]] explained the operation, that an [[Amanta|Amantan]] in the Mage Order was smuggling weaponry out of the city through the waterway meant for the city’s and crown’s forces. As it was nearing midnight, [[the Dragonguard]] followed [[Rusland]] to the enchanted portal that would transport them below the city to the canal. The group had to convince a White Flame Mage to let them pass, having to leave behind [[Lhant]] and [[Cassian]] as collateral. 

In the waterway, the group spied the mage, Toluth, and his troop beginning the shift change at the awaiting vessel. [[The Dragonguard]] had a spell placed upon them by another [[Nighthawks|Nighthawk]] agent to allow them to breathe underwater for a longer period of time, then dove beneath the calm waters to sneak aboard the vessel. Meanwhile, the other [[Nighthawks|Nighthawk]] began to render the last watch unconscious inside the nearby barracks. 

Once [[the Dragonguard]] clambered aboard, Toluth immediately recognized them and ordered his allies to kill the heroes. After a short battle against the wind mages, [[the Dragonguard]] successfully dispatched them. [[Rusland]] assured the group the bodies would be taken care of, and proof of their crimes would be left with the Archmage. With the smugglers dealt with, [[the Dragonguard]] returned to their room at the Roosting Dove to rest. 

The following morning, the group awoke to [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] sitting in their suite. She was wearing traveling clothes and no crown. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] told [[the Dragonguard]] on this last day before the war council, she wished to show them the results of her training with her magic. [[The Dragonguard]] ventured to the [[Ancient Skies]] with the queen, leaving [[Aura]], [[Lhant]], and [[Cassian]] behind per the queen’s request. On the way, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] explained that she still worried about the threat her magic could pose if [[Nizima]] could seemingly alter or control it as he did at the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. She had found a site of power that called to her just beyond the [[Ancient Skies]] tower where her white flames turned the black-and-purple that they had against [[Nizima]]. 

The site of power seemed to be a perfectly round arena of dirt. The trees themselves seemed to grow unnaturally around it, almost as if they were trying to shield the site from view. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] showed [[the Dragonguard]] how the ring reacted: her white flames stayed as such outside of the ring of trees, but once she entered the circle, it warped to the black-and-purple. A single scorched spot was burned in the center, and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] aimed another fireball for the same target. When she cast it, [[Allunaris]]’s book began to resonate in [[Vespello]]’s pack, and the fireball reacted violently. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] was unable to cut the spell off. The ground shook. An overgrown tree corrupted by [[Doom magic]]. In the center of the monster’s trunk, there was a long-decayed corpse with pale flesh and dark hair. An obsidian crown grew out of the corpse’s very skull. The group recognized the black, unseeing eyes of [[Allunaris]]. The site in which they now stood was the very one where [[Allunaris]] met his demise so long ago.

Though [[Allunaris]]’s body held very little of his power left, the corrupted tree spewed several dangerous spells of [[Doom magic]], some even making use of [[Candidates|Doomlord]] and [[Candidates|Doomlady]] magic of the [[Third Doom]]. [[The Dragonguard]], with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s burning white magic empowering their weapons, destroyed the monster. It collapsed into purple dust, the site of power seemingly returning to a more natural state. Where the beast emerged sat only a ring of obsidian-like stones protruding from the ground and two pairs of golden footprints glimmering in the sunset. 

Underneath the dark shards of stone, [[Aksell]] felt a magic tug. He unearthed a black [[Dragons|dragon]] egg, stark black tendrils adorning either end. The [[Dragons|dragon]] [[Inavix]] had been secured by [[the Dragonguard]], making it the fifth egg joined to the group. 

[[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] gathered a fragment of the [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] tree, saying she would research the effects the [[Founders|Founder]] magic seemed to have over her own, mysterious power, and went on her way back to the city before she was missed. [[The Dragonguard]] visited [[Mirina]]’s tower, though she was not there herself, leaving only a note that promised the group she would see them ‘soon’. 

The next morning, [[Ronotte]] arrived to escort the group to the war council at the palace. In the throne room, a massive table had been set up. The stone had the map of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], as well as a loose estimate of The Solstice Magerony to the north, just beyond [[The Blood Fog]]. In attendance was the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court’s inner circle along with [[Gabriel]], [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] and the Queensguard, the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], [[Duma Van|Councilor Duma Van]], Councilor [[Mira]] alongside [[Karth]] and [[Gale]], [[Harvey]], a [[minotaur]] [[the Dragonguard]] had not met, and Councilor [[Harin]] of [[Amanta]]. [[Harvey]] began the proceedings, officially declaring that [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] was now at war with The Solstice Magerony. [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] then greeted the table and allowed those that investigated the various fronts speak to the council.

First, [[Ronotte]] spoke of the [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]] activity in the [[Mythical Forest]]. He spoke of a strange light that had settled over the western end of the forest, as well as three concentrations of [[Doom magic]] that were sealing the Doomed Swamp portion of the forest. Strange insects, some humanoid shaped, lurked alongside Mageron agents with the Loyalists. The true source of this new branch of [[Doom magic]] seemed to emanate from the swamps, but the three outlying locations would have to be dispelled first. 

Next, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] spoke of the [[blood-siren]] activity in the east, alongside [[Wren]]. The [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] had captured [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] silently, likely with the help of someone within. They were also ready to strike [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] with their fleet at any moment. [[Wren]] spoke more of the method [[Nicoletta]] and other high-ranking [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] used to maintain life, saying she would have at least three of these phylacteries. Through their scouting, [[Wren]] pinpointed strong magic sources in [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] and aboard [[Sanguina]], [[Nicoletta]]’s flagship. She added that there was [[blood-siren]] activity reported in the deserts outside [[Locations/Matar/Inferna/index|Inferna]] as well. Once these phylacteries were destroyed, [[the Dragonguard]] could confront [[Nicoletta]], likely hiding out in [[Atrae]]. 

Thirdly, [[Mira]] spoke of the activity, or lack thereof, of the Magerony fleet to the north. [[Ager]] still seemed to be recovering strength with the help of the blood mages, usually resting in a strange contraption near the center of the fleet. Even though the fleet seemed unlikely to strike anytime soon, and [[Haven]] was extremely fortified for such an attack, [[Mira]]’s plan was the boldest. She explained that some of her scouts, many of them lost, had discovered a temporary leader had taken control of the Magerony, named the [[Primarch Florian Durata|Primarch]]. Since she had received [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s blessing for the plan, [[Mira]] told [[the Dragonguard]] her advice would be for the group to sneak aboard a Mageron vessel, travel back to the Magerony, and assassinate the [[Primarch Florian Durata|Primarch]] to destabilize not only the fleet, but possibly the Magerony itself. [[Mirina]] appeared at the table as the plan was being discussed, saying she wished to join [[the Dragonguard]] on this mission. She told those present that the longer she stayed in their realm, her powers waned, but she wanted a normal life. [[Mirina]] told those present she wished to be remembered for good, not for evil like her father, or for nothing at all. 

[[Talla]] was the last to provide information to the council, saying her and her scouts had spotted the same, humanoid insect creatures lurked the [[Altas Mountains]] in small numbers. Defunct silver and [[Doom Magic|Doom]] portals had also been spotted across the mountain range, though there was no pattern or any casters found. [[Nizima]] and [[Calathan]] remained at large. 

Finally, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] officially labeled [[the Dragonguard]] as an order of the crown, not dissimilar from a Knight or Mage Order, granting them authority to travel across [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] with her voice and power. [[The Dragonguard]] would be their spearhead while Mages and Knights were allocated for the other frontlines. She left the largest order of business up to [[the Dragonguard]]: which front they would confront first.

After much discussion on the best location to neutralize first, [[the Dragonguard]] decided they would face the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] at the [[Mythical Forest]], going to the site of power that the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] and [[Guan Yi]] would assist with first. The bulk of the Knights and Mages ready to deploy to the frontlines would be concentrated toward the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], leaving [[Mira]] and [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] to defend against the Magerony’s fleet, if needed, alone…