Upon waking, [[the Dragonguard]] found them in a lavishly furnished sitting area, a fire burning in the mantle. [[Lhant|Lhant Vanite]] sat nearby reading a newspaper, while [[Aura|Queen Aura]] sat examining a greatsword with golden filigree. [[Lhant]] greeted them, and they noticed the newspaper he had been reading spoke about the Head of Cosmic Forces Research [[Sarin Kor]] had released a large study on “[[Doom Magic|Doom]]” and its opposing force “[[Flourish|Grace]]”, formerly codenamed “[[Flourish]]”. [[Lhant]] explained the group had a few letters waiting for them and that they were safe in a diplomatic guest house in the [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] palace grounds. 

[[The Dragonguard]] read a letter from [[Ronotte]], where he apologized for the sleep spell, but that the relationship between the Crown and the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] was shaky. He couldn’t risk the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] seeing these earthshattering discoveries without preparation. [[Ronotte]] assured them [[Sariel]] would be taken care of, and that there would be a proper procession for her at a later time. [[Ronotte]] had also gone to the [[Mythical Forest]] with the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] and [[Duma Van]] to investigate the [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]] activity there. Finally, [[Ronotte]] advised the group that Diluvia awaited them just in the courtyard and that the official war council would convene in [[Amanta]] in three days. 

[[The Dragonguard]] additionally had a note from [[Rusland]], strangely worded, that requested assistance if they were available, as well as a note from [[Dieter]]. [[Dieter]] wrote that [[Cassian]] had requested their presence. 

As the group decided what business to take care of in the three days, [[Aura|Queen Aura]] asked them to join the adventure. She explained not only was she gifted in light magic, but also with a greatsword and detecting and manipulating this force known as “[[Flourish|Grace]]”.

Before setting off from [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], [[Celeste|Aurora]] set off to visit her childhood friend Elias, though [[Vespello]] and [[Arturo]] followed. [[Celeste|Aurora]] learned that Elias was engaged to a woman named Lei who had been slightly corrupted by [[Doom magic]] during the attack on [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]]. Elias had to care for Lei’s condition, and [[Celeste|Aurora]] offered him a resplendent bear claw in the hopes that it could assist Lei. Elias gifted [[Celeste|Aurora]] his old sword, asking that she land a few hits on [[Nizima]] for everything he’s done.

 With their business settled in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], the group set off atop Diluvia, finding the citizens of [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] in awe and excited at the sight of a friendly [[Dragons|dragon]], rather than fearful. [[The Dragonguard]] decided to head toward the [[Gulf of Blackharpe]] to try and pinpoint the location of the other half of Undine’s Trident. 

Once they were just above sea level, Diluvia combined her powers with [[the Dragonguard]]’s tattoos, [[Amalia]] now bearing a complete one herself. With [[Aura]]’s assistance, the golden magic was pulled forth, helping Diluvia pinpoint the trident. Without much warning, Diluvia darted straight into the sea, diving at an unbelievable pace toward the seafloor. 

At the seafloor, there was a dome of air surrounding the other half of Undine’s Trident, allowing Diluvia to safely land to allow [[the Dragonguard]] to disembark. A shard of a soul clung to the trident, a man in a corsair’s outfit. [[Amalia]] spoke to the man, learning it was the former Councilor [[Turner]] who fought against [[the Rectifiers]]. He claimed it was merely just an opportune moment to seize power, he had no allegiance to [[Saren]]. He asked to be dispelled and freed, but before doing so, he asked [[the Dragonguard]] to tell [[the Rectifiers]] they are “damn bastards,” with a laugh. [[Amalia]] dispelled the man to let him rest. 

[[Aksell]] tried to pluck the half of the trident out of the stone but had no luck. After a few tries from other [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] members, they decided to all try to pluck the weapon out together, all at once. As all their hands grasped the weapon, their tattoos glowed, and the trident came free. The two halves magically conjoined, glowing bright blue. A woman’s voice skittered on the wind, saying that in time, she would stand alongside the new [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] to stand against [[Nizima]] and the Magerony. The trident dematerialized into bubbles and water that flowed directly into all [[the Dragonguard]] members, granting them a boon of the Goddess of Water Undine… 