Attention turned toward the next steps. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] voiced her desire to join [[the Dragonguard]] to [[Atrae]], especially since [[Lucia]] had said it would be a near skeleton crew defending the city. [[The Dragonguard]] voiced their concerns, but [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] pushed the issue by saying the sirens of [[Atrae]] had been plaguing [[Matar]] for decades, she wished for the crown to show initiative in settling the issue. She needed to do this herself. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed. [[Sovier]] also voiced her desire to join them, wishing to see the mission through to the end. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] said she would take her and the rest of the Court back to the [[Scarlet Temple]] now that [[Naviga]] was secure. There, she would focus on solving her brother [[Korrin]]’s journal. She explained if [[Nizima]] still has samples of other [[Founders]]’ blood, they cannot afford to suffer any other distractions on finding the key to killing [[Nizima]]. [[Dieter]] thanked [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] for her support, saying with a wink that they would perhaps be peers one day. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] coughed nervously, and [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] smiled. Before departing, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] advised the group that [[Mirina]] had already made arrangements to meet them in [[Haven]] for their journey to the [[Magerony]]. [[Mirina]] would be their guide, since she was much less of a pariah back home than [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]. Councilor [[Mira]] would also provide resources, as well. As a final note, she asked [[the Dragonguard]] to remember that there are indeed good [[Magerony|Magerons]] out there. She urged them to kill the [[Primarch Florian Durata]], but to remember that even members of the [[Founder Loyalists]] were not beyond saving. [[Lucia]] looked down in silence at [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s parting words.

[[Sovier]] advised the group that [[Vellir]] should have *[[The Paragon]]* ready to set sail by the time they resupplied in town and returned to the docks, so the group set out to finish their mission…