As the group continued to delve into the ancient corridors, [[Talisman]] asked [[Amalia]] about her other world and her role in it. [[Amalia]] caught [[Talisman]] up on her soulguide responsibilities under her world’s [[Nizima]]. The group at large then considered the scope of [[Nizima]]’s powers and wondered if their future could look like [[Amalia]] world, if [[Nizima]] succeeded. 

They eventually discovered another partially preserved mural. This one depicted a crude map of the [[Magerony]] far to the north of [[Matar]], with the bat-like woman gesturing toward it. Beside her stood a group of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], now bearing wings themselves. [[Sovier]] translated the writing, “She teaches us a new writing, opens our Eyes to a wider world. Her kind do not see us as abominations, but as a powerful weapon. We will be their sword, when the time comes.” 

The group discussed this new image, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] especially lamented that something ailed these sirens, and the [[Magerony]] offered a guiding hand before [[Matar]] did. [[Wren]] commented that many [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] did not consider themselves to be [[Matar|Matarans]], but as something better. She theorized that perhaps that mindset originated from what happened in these murals long ago. [[Lucia]] commented in awe at how much history their leaders had hidden from them. 

Finally, the group came across a final corridor leading to a stone door. Another mural was carved into the stone, and silver glowing lights illuminated the image. It depicted a glowing silver eye surrounded by a circle of kneeling [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. More [[Magerony|Mageron]] writing read, “The Silver Eye sees a new future. The cruder species cleansed by [unreadable]. We, alongside newer shaped species, will serve the Creators. We Abide their Return.” The group ruminated on the meaning of the last phrase in particular, having heard [[Ager]] say the phrase back in [[Tenso]]. 

The group opened the door to reveal a dark throne room. Inside, they found [[Nicoletta]] sitting atop a simple stone throne, a crumpled letter in her hand. Dried tears lined her cheeks. Around her neck was a pendant with a silver eye, similar to the one [[Avus]] wore long ago. [[Vespello]] used [[Noctema]]’s magic-sight to spot more smoke-like magic hovering over [[Nicoletta]], though it did not seem to be in direct control of her at the time. 

Standing between the group and [[Nicoletta]] were five figures, one being Knight-Captain [[Cassian]]. The other four, a calculating [[Elves|elf]] wielding a bow, a black-haired [[dwarf]] covered in knives, a tall knight with a disturbing blank stare, and another knight with a muscular build and dazed demeanor. All five had the blood-bound red in their eyes. 

[[Nicoletta]] welcomed the group, saying she assumed it would not be long before they arrived. She hated to admit that they had done unbelievably well, starting to list out their accomplishments. She started by gesturing at the group in front of her, referencing the mission to draw her away from [[Naviga]]. She then mentioned the death of her son, raising the crumpled letter. [[Nicoletta]] laughed in a defeated tone. She never would have guessed the misfits she arrested at sea so long ago would unravel everything. She admitted she was angry at first and cast a forbidden set of spells passed down to her, but now, now she felt nothing at all. The [[blood-siren]] leader said she only wished to grieve her son now. It was foolish to think she could finish what the previous councilors started. She even mentioned that now, even [[Nizima]] and [[Calathan]] had left them to their fate. She knew what awaited those she presumed [[Ager]] transported after their defeat in [[Naviga]]. Finally, she told them they took someone from her, so she would take from them, then commanded her last blood-bound servants to attack.

[[The Dragonguard]] drew their weapons, but all agreed they would try to neutralize the agents safely in the hopes their blood-binding could be broken. They targeted each agent methodically, doing their best to defend against [[Cassian]]’s powerful water magic. Eventually, [[The Dragonguard]] was victorious, successfully knocking all of the [[Operation Sunrise]] agents unconscious. 

[[Nicoletta]] rose from her throne and drew her daggers. As she stepped toward [[The Dragonguard]], however, she tossed the blades to the floor toward them. Suddenly, [[Celeste]] called out to [[Vespello]], sensing something approaching. With [[Noctema]]’s magic-sight, [[Vespello]] spotted a lance of silver magic dotted with vile eyes aiming toward [[Nicoletta]]. [[Vespello]] and [[Celeste]] both channeled [[Flourish|Grace]] magic, forming a protective net around the lance, shattering it into silver mist. It remained shapeless in the air and was trying to reform, but slowly. 

[[Nicoletta]] approached [[Vespello]] with hands raised in surrender. Once he was within reach, she quickly grabbed the barrel of his pistol with hands and placed it on her forehead. She shouted as fresh tears of desperation fell, telling [[Vespello]] to fire and show the world who the real bloodthirsty ones were. She had nothing left, her sirens had nothing left. They would always be looked down upon, for their affliction. “She” showed them a hand when [[Matar|Matarans]] would not, so of course they were loyal to the [[Magerony]]. Finally, she repeated her command to fire, to do what [[Matar|Matarans]] have wanted to do for ages and snuff out the flame of the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. 

With her hands raised as well in the tense situation, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] told [[The Dragonguard]] she would defer to their choice. She did iterate her empathy for the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], however, saying that she would prefer a gentler approach for justice. On the other hand, she also said [[Nicoletta]] has caused the loss of many lives, and justice would be served either way. Even the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] would likely not be too angry given what she’s done to her own people. 

[[Vespello]] lowered the barrel, instead of taking the shot he missed when their journey had barely begun. 

Before he could try to wrest the Niziman amulet from her, the silver lance reformed and pierced [[Nicoletta]]. She stumbled back, and her eyes began to glow with silver light. [[Nizima]]’s voice spoke through her as her demeanor changed. 

[[Nizima]] spoke, almost feigning more disappointment than he truly felt. Yet another [[Matar|Mataran]] servant had failed him. He mused that perhaps even the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] were not worthy to be preserved. 

The [[Founders|Founder]] referenced [[The Dragonguard]]’s growing power with [[Flourish|Grace]], saying they did not understand the power they were starting to wield, though he was impressed with them, nonetheless, starting to go through their accolades. They stopped [[Calathan]] and removed the [[Selina|Doomqueen]] [[Founder Loyalists|Loyalists]] from the board, and unfortunately [[Calathan]] was distracted and did not learn what [[Nizima]] had bade him to about realm-hopping. Thankfully, he at least garnered enough information about blood-binding from the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. One benefit he can still attribute to his traitor daughter. After referencing [[Zair]], he asked [[The Dragonguard]] if they knew where she was. They replied that they truly didn’t, not that they would tell him if they did. 

[[The Dragonguard]] could also feel [[Nizima]] trying to probe against their minds, but they found it much easier to passively repel him. Angered, [[Nizima]] told them to keep pushing against the inevitable if they wish. He added that even those closest to them may not hold out to the bitter end. When pressed on how he has suffered defeat after defeat, [[Nizima]] replied that they are quite confident that they are winning despite not seeing the entire picture. 

[[Nizima]] concluded his conversation by saying that [[Calathan]] would be meeting them soon, and that that meeting would be [[the Dragonguard]]’s last chance to join him. After all, he would still have them, even after all that has happened. He added that [[The Dragonguard]] does not understand the power they could achieve at his side. 

Regardless, he concluded that if his son proved a failure yet again, perhaps they would truly meet again, above these mere mortals, upon the mountaintop after all. [[Nizima]]’s presence faded, and the silver amulet fell to the floor with thud. 

[[Nicoletta]], regaining her own will, shattered her [[blood-siren]] pendant under her boot, freeing [[Cassian]] and the [[Operation Sunrise]] agents. She submitted to arrest, and the group turned to make their way back to the city. On the way, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] commented that [[White Flame Knights]] and Mages, alongside [[Naviga|Navigan]] support, should be arriving shortly behind them, perhaps the following day to help restore order. [[The Dragonguard]] brought up the idea of having [[Sovier]] assist guiding the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] down a better path, and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] agreed. She found the idea a good one, a representative that is neither [[blood-siren]] nor [[Matar|Mataran]]. She would name [[Sovier]] as Councilor Regent while the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] restored order and reorganized. The group then decided to rest in [[Nicoletta]]’s tower high above. 

When they returned to the main cathedral, they found a few disoriented [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] investigating. [[Wren]] and [[Lucia]] took the initiative to say they would set out into the city for the evening to help settle things over, to offer a familiar face to these disoriented sirens, while the others rested. The two ventured off into the city while the rest of the group journeyed to the top of the cathedral to rest. 

The next morning, the group ventured into the city, escorted by [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]]. They saw White Flame officials, [[Naviga|Navigan]] officials, and even some [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] escorting other [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] to the dungeons. In the main square, the group saw [[Wren]] collecting [[blood-siren]] pendants, while [[Lucia]] delegated tasks out to loyal [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. 

Also in the town square, [[Akalar]] found [[Kaliban]] and [[Patricia]] wandering around with some of [[Noki]]’s crew. They reunited happily, and [[Kaliban]] explained that [[Noki]] had taken the ship north to assist in [[Naviga]], but they found the battle already settled. [[Patricia]] took [[Akalar]] and [[The Dragonguard]] to the side to speak privately while [[Kaliban]] fawned over [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]] and his legendary sword. [[Patricia]] asked [[Akalar]] for permission to pursue his nephew romantically, to which [[Akalar]] readily agreed. Excitedly, [[Patricia]] took [[Kaliban]] by the hand to explore her home city. 

Closer to the harbor, [[the Dragonguard]] reunited with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], [[Madison]], [[Nicoletta]], [[Sovier]], [[Wren]], and [[Lucia]]. Many, many [[Naviga|Navigan]] and White Flame ships had arrived, unloading countless healers and crates of supplies. Farther along the docks, near the water, the group saw [[Cassian]] speaking with [[Azel]], his [[Operation Sunrise]] agents nearby. 

[[Sovier]] spoke first, thanking [[the Dragonguard]] for assisting in her mission to prove herself. She said she had learned much and was ready to not hide behind [[Paola]], [[Lhant]], and [[Lambert]] anymore. 

[[Lucia]] thanked the group for showing the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] mercy. She clarified she was only out of shackles temporarily, and that she still intended to pay the price for what she had contributed to the war. 

[[Nicoletta]] had very little left to say. She didn’t offer an apology, but she also did not expect pity. She would face her consequences. [[Nicoletta]] offered the group a bit of information on [[Nizima]], saying he was incredibly interested in their blood-binding magic. He wanted to harness the power, and likely had already. For what purpose, however, even she did not know. [[Lucia]] escorted [[Nicoletta]] away.

 [[Wren]] told [[the Dragonguard]] it had been a pleasure working with them. She regretted that she now walks away a bit less empowered than she had planned, but she would take what she could get. [[Wren]] admitted that she was not blameless as a [[blood-siren]], either, but she looked forward to rebuilding [[Atrae]] alongside [[Sovier]]. She agreed it was better that a neutral party was the interim Regent. Once [[Wren]] departed, promising she would be by their side again when it was time to strike [[Nizima]], [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] escorted the group to the docks, where her ship also awaited.

The group reached [[Azel]] and [[Cassian]]. [[Azel]] said he had heard enough from [[Cassian]], then used his ice magic to pull [[Cassian]]’s Knight-Captain sword from the depths near the docks, where he had seemingly tossed it yet again. [[Azel]] turned and told [[the Dragonguard]] to “convince” [[Cassian]], that [[Naviga]] needed him. They spoke with [[Cassian]] briefly, offering supporting words that his mind was his again, he was free. After [[the Dragonguard]]’s urging, [[Cassian]] plucked the sword from the ice block, unofficially reclaiming his title as Knight-Captain. He told [[the Dragonguard]] some of the [[Operation Sunrise]] agents had earned respect, but some others had committed crimes in their past. He would do what he could when they all returned to [[Naviga]]. 

As [[the Dragonguard]] prepared to say their farewells to the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]] members and [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] herself, they noticed [[Ronotte]] had been waiting nearby on [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s ship. When spotted, he joined them at the dock, speaking to [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] first. Taking the moment of distraction, [[Madison]] said she would board the ship while [[Ronotte]] was busy so she wouldn’t be reprimanded for bringing [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] to a warzone. She offered [[Celeste]] a kind word before boarding [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s ship.

[[Aurum]] sternly reminded the group to alert him before they sought out Lucian. He would be returning to [[Amanta]] to look for [[Aura]], or perhaps farther west if she was still there healing. [[Ronotte]] overheard the comment of [[Aurum]]’s sister, but [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] gestured that they would discuss it later. [[Aurum]] lamented that he thought he had lost everyone close to him, and that he would do anything to recover at least one of his family. 

[[Ronotte]] greeted the group before leaving again himself, commending them for settling two warfronts. He took them to the side to speak private, saying he’d been working with a magic researcher they were familiar with, [[Riel]]. They would have much to discuss when they return from the [[Magerony]], but when they do, he would be in [[Amanta]]. His goal was to help destroy his father’s remnant still lurking in the [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-corrupted book. [[Aksell]], in particular, he asked for assistance, a grand idea already formulating. It seemed [[Ronotte]] sought a more organized way to help regulate [[Doom Magic]], particularly [[Doomrot]]. He would need [[Aksell]]’s help. 

Finally, [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] offered her own best wishes. She asked their next heading, to which they replied they would likely visit [[Pravus]], hoping to use [[Akalar]]’s seafaring abilities for a faster journey to [[Haven]]. She wished them luck and reminded them that even success in the [[Magerony]] did not mean this was over. They would still need [[the Dragonguard]] back home. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] commended the group, saying they had secured their place in legend.

With the blessing of the Queen and all of their friends so far, [[the Dragonguard]] boarded [[The Paragon]], setting out for their next adventure…