[[The Dragonguard]] disembarked to the destroyed docks alongside [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and her entourage. They found the ruins of [[Lhant]]’s [[Operation Sunrise]] and found delirious [[Blood-Siren|Blood-Sirens]] wandering around aimlessly. A haze of blood lingered over the city. [[Wren]] theorized that something profane had been done here, whether by accident or otherwise. They entered the city proper, heading toward [[Nicoletta]]’s [[Chamber of Marrow]]. 

As they marched deeper into the city, strange fleshy, organic growths began to spread through the stones, almost as if something underground was alive and growing. [[Vespello]], using [[Noctema]]’s magic-sight, could see the fleshy abominations were coming from the direction of [[Nicoletta’s Chamber]]. The group passed by familiar places: the bat-like, feminine statue in the town square, the group finding it strangely familiar despite the worn features, the [[Siren’s Kiss]], a [[blood-siren]] pleasure den, and the dungeons they once found themselves sealed within. Referencing the dungeons, [[Wren]] did clarify that [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s agents did not help break [[The Dragonguard]] out because they were already in-motion to rescue [[Wren]]. If [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had known they’d be there, she would have assisted. 

Near the dark cathedral containing the [[Chamber of Marrow]], the group spied slain [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], some with slashes, some with arrows. The bodies hadn’t been tended to, despite [[Operation Sunrise]] having taken place weeks ago. The group ventured within the cathedral, then delved below to the [[Chamber of Marrow]], the blood-flesh growths growing more and more ubiquitous. 

Within the [[Chamber of Marrow]], [[the Dragonguard]] found the source of the [[Blood Magic]]: an overgrown tower of flesh, adorned with countless [[blood-siren]] pendants. It grew from where [[Nicoletta]]’s cauldron had once sat. The central core seemed impervious to attacks, so [[the Dragonguard]] delved within some ruined tunnels the flesh had destroyed open and calmed secondary core organ clusters, which seemed to weaken the main core. 

Afterward, they found the core’s skin had receded, revealing a mutated remnant of the [[First Sister]]. She begged them to destroy the core. They destroyed the core, sending the [[blood-siren gemstones]] scattering across the stone floor. The fleshy growths receded into nothing, and the [[First Sister]] began to disintegrate as well. With her last breaths, she begged the group to stop [[Nicoletta]] before she killed them all. She handed them a stone disc with glowing red runes, saying it would unlock the way. [[Wren]] and [[Lucia]] did not recognize it, confused about what it would unlock. 

The group continued onward, delving deeper beneath [[Atrae]]. They came across the chamber where the dark [[blood-siren]] mages sustained the sunblot spell. They were slain, similar signs of a struggle as outside the cathedral. The only sign of the [[Operation Sunrise]] agents was [[Cassian]]’s bandolier of [[Patricia]]’s blood that was meant to keep his blood-binding to [[Nicoletta]] at bay. Some bottles were unused. The group investigated the chamber, and [[Celeste]] suddenly fell to her knees, a bright white light cracking like lightning out of her palm. She seemed confused by the origin and discussed it with [[Lumen]] privately.

Eventually, the group found an empty slot for the disc, revealing a hidden doorway leading even deeper. [[Wren]] and [[Lucia]] were not aware of this passageway. [[Wren]] led the way down.

They found manmade stone tunnels in the passageways, many with long-destroyed murals. They were ancient. They eventually spotted one that still had remnants of images. It depicted the familiar, bat-like, feminine figure holding out a helping hand to what looked like ravenous, clawed women. [[Sovier]] read the text below it, which she said was a form of archaic [[Magerony|Mageron]], “She found us with Fangs already sharpened… with her Blood, she gave us new life… she welcomed us into the Night.”

The group theorized the meanings, wondering if the figure could be [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], or even [[Zair]]. [[Aurum]] spoke of [[Zair]], saying she was close with his mother. Hoping to find more answers, the group continued down the dark corridors, searching for their enemy…