[[Inavix]] flew in, more violently than the other [[dragons]], and immediately began to slam an already defeated assassin’s head against a wall in anger. The assassin’s entire head shattered like glass, the purple skull mask not a mask at all. [[Inavix]] lamented their failure as watching out for [[Aksell]], though [[Aksell]] replied it was not their fault.

[[Allunaris]]’s voice floated out of the accursed book in [[Aksell]]’s satchel, finding his usual dark amusement out of the situation. He told [[Aksell]] the poison was [[Doomrot]], and that it would eventually be his undoing. He told [[Aksell]] he now had no choice in accepting [[Allunaris]]’s future deal, saying he would cure the poison in return. [[Aksell]] begrudgingly agreed for the time being, despite not knowing the details, already feeling the corrosion of the wound. [[Allunaris]] also told the group of the strange beings, or entities, that exist beyond their world, and that they would likely not be as cooperative as [[Borum]] expected. 

Knight-Captain [[Azalea]], some other [[Pravus]] knights, and [[Talisman]] arrive to investigate the carnage. [[Azalea]] seemed shocked that [[Borum]] was somehow involved, after all, her own group of friends dispatched the man, or so she thought. She advised them to go down a floor and rest as long as they could and provided the group much heavier guard.

After visiting [[Mirina]]’s Architect and resting for the next few hours, the party returned to [[Pravus]] the next morning to depart toward the lighthouse. They found an escort already awaiting them in the lobby, comprised of many knights and mages, [[Azalea]], and [[Councilor Avelle]] herself. [[Azalea]] advised them they could find no evidence of how the assailants arrived in the city, much less the councilor’s complex, and that all serving staff had been accounted for, as well. With the mystery still unsolved, the group made their way to the lighthouse, [[Councilor Avelle|Avelle]] excited to see the powerful sea spell in action.

When they arrived at the lighthouse, [[Azalea]] seemed to tense up. [[Councilor Avelle|Avelle]] then suddenly wished the group well, and that they had many matters still to attend to. When pressed on what just happened, [[Councilor Avelle|Avelle]] purposefully steered the conversation elsewhere. [[The Dragonguard]] thanked the two for their hospitality and followed the lighthouse keeper to the top floor. [[Akalar]] gathered his magic, channeling the [[Red Scourge]], and warped the party across lighthouse beams. They floated through the enchanted light across the sea itself, warping through the connecting light of [[Haven]]’s lighthouse. As they neared the lighthouse in the snowy city, they were intercepted by a spell from the tower that formerly belonged to [[Greth]] of the Ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]].

They were rematerialized in the top floor of the Mage Tower, now named “The Lighthouse”, though it was more a center for magical research and medicine than the true beacon for sailors closer to the sea. Mages held the group suspended, confused at who had tried to infiltrate the city. They were nervous of the group’s power and [[dragons]], but quickly fetched [[Karth]], who ordered them to be released. [[Karth]] politely asked to speak with the [[dragons]], a fascination of his research, before escorting [[the Dragonguard]] to Councilor [[Mira]] and [[Mirina]] back in the town square. 

[[Karth]] escorted them down the many levels of [[Greth]]’s former tower, stopping to explain metal-and-glass capsules that housed injured people suspended in a glowing liquid. He explained that this was where [[Magites]] were created and researched, and where the healers pushed the boundaries of medicine. [[Karth]] even told the group their next goal was to learn to regrow lost appendages. 

Outside, [[Haven]] had lost much of its snow cover, but even in the summer months, there was still a light dusting. They spotted [[Mira]], Knight-Captain [[Gale]], and [[Mirina]] sharing a meal at an outdoor patio. [[Mira]] greeted the group, impressed they were so friendly with such a highly regarded [[Magerony|Mageroness]], [[Mirina]] smiling slyly at the compliment. [[Mirina]] added that she was unsure how long her “high esteem” would last when their mission was complete, to which [[Gale]] replied with her hesitance on trusting someone so close to [[The Red Inquisitor]]. [[Mirina]] assured the [[The Rectifiers|Former Rectifier]] she was nothing like her father, to which [[the Dragonguard]] supported the claim. 

[[Mirina]] then centered the conversation on the mission at hand: assassinating the [[Primarch Florian Durata|Primarch]]. She explained her ship was now fully equipped to go airborne, and that she had named it [[The Answer]]. She explained they would fly over [[The Blood Fog]] under the banner of [[Inquisitor|House Inquisitor]]. Unfortunately, she added, that meant that the non-passing species of [[Matar|Matarans]] would have to pose as slaves. [[Mirina]] materialized a trunk of disguises bearing the question mark motif of her House.

[[Mira]] cut in, hesitant at first, but she revealed that [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] had sent a letter saying that [[Crownguard|Queensguard]] [[Talla]] and some of her Blades had been sent to [[The Blood Fog]] to scout some time ago. There had been no reply. [[Mira]] recognized [[the Dragonguard]] had so much on their shoulders already but asked them to consider keeping an eye out for [[Talla]], fearing further instability if another [[Crownguard|Queensguard]] fell. [[Mirina]] advised the group that investigating the Fog too closely, or rescuing captives may risk their subterfuge, but that it would be their call when the time came.

Once past the Fog, the group would then make their way to the Clocktower, where the government of the [[Magerony]] met, where they would find [[Primarch Florian Durata]]. They would kill him there, and [[Mirina]]’s followers would have [[The Answer]] ready for a quick, but hectic, escape. Once the plan was settled, the group split up to make their preparations. [[Gale]] asked [[Vespello]] to meet her at his former quarters aboard Charity’s Folly. [[Celeste]] and [[Lumen]] asked to join along.

While [[the Dragonguard]] resupplied, [[Vespello]], [[Celeste]], and [[Lumen]] met Knight-Captain [[Gale]] in [[Vespello]]’s old knight quarters. [[Gale]] lamented how she missed adventuring with her old friends and told [[Vespello]] to enjoy the journey while it lasted. She then told [[Vespello]] the purpose of her request, that she had worked with Councilor [[Lokth]] of [[White Hand City]] to create a new rank of Knight, called Knight-Errant. The idea would be for an exemplar to journey across the world and do good in the name of the city. A perfect fit for what [[Vespello]] was already doing, for a home that still needed assistance getting its footing in a new world. [[Vespello]] agreed and donned the new regalia bearing the symbol of the White Hand. 

Pausing before she left, [[Gale]] turned and said there was one more request. She offered her [[Flourish|Grace]]-glittering pistol, asking that [[Vespello]] take it on at least one last journey. It would be poetic, too, if they found [[Talla]], for the pistol was once hers, after all. [[Vespello]] agreed and they bid their farewells. 

The group found [[Mirina]]’s ship quite easily with the pink motifs. It boasted many magical engines. Aboard, they found a vaguely familiar crew of sailors, but immediately spotted their former comrade, [[Arturo]], his [[Dragons|dragon]] Valuta now hatched into a golden, glittering [[Dragons|dragon]] covered in natural gemstones. They reunited with [[Arturo]], and he explained he was now [[Mirina]]’s Procurer, officially in her ranks. He explained that [[Mirina]] had offered him an unnatural long-life as well as the luxury of never needing to provide for himself ever again. In return, he “sold” his stake in the [[Nighthawks]]. [[Mirina]], after some more deals with [[Rusland]], was now effectively the head of the band of assassins. After [[Mirina]] assured the group they would have better oversight now, especially as she was now going to consider [[Matar]] her true home, [[The Answer]] embarked on their mission.

While sailing, before going airborne, [[Mirina]] asked the group if she could test a theory with their [[Flourish|Grace]] powers. She explained that she had found some remnants of research notes in her father’s stronghold, and she thinks what she found was referencing [[Flourish|Grace]] magic. If she was right, this power would have the ability to “shape” physical objects from the wielder’s mind. [[The Dragonguard]], except for [[Celeste]], all sat down in front of [[Mirina]], one-by-one, to test her hypothesis. Using some of [[Mirina]]’s [[blood magic]], they reached within themselves and their memory and channeled their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic into these new “shapes”. [[Aksell]] shaped a wedding ring, the exact one that was his first steal. He was too embarrassed to return it, and too ashamed to sell it. [[Akalar]] shaped a small flower seed, the same one that was his first attempt at growing a plant with his father. [[Vespello]] began to shape the hilt of a simple blade, but it began to change shape into an extravagant rapier. Before it could complete, the entire handle exploded, smoking with soot. [[Amalia]] shaped a carved rose bloom, made of a material that resembled icy-blue [[Dragons|dragon]] scales. It was the same one that [[Willow Stasia|Willow]] had gifted her when he arrived, causing quite a stir when not just the [[Magerony|Magerons]] of [[Nizima]]’s delegation received gifts from a [[Founders|Founder]]’s descendant. [[Celeste]] opted not to delve into her memories. [[Mirina]] was satisfied, and the group theorized what this could mean about [[Flourish|Grace]] magic, since it seemed to have multiple properties, much like [[Doom Magic|Doom]].

Once [[The Blood Fog]] loomed in front of them, [[The Answer]] took flight over the dark black clouds and red lightning storm. As they flew overhead, taking a closer look, they could see that the dark clouds didn’t seem to actually be clouds at all, and that the red lightning seemed to flow too slow for lightning. They decided to descend a bit to investigate. To their horror, they found that the clouds were not moisture at all, but necrotic slabs of skin all joined together. The red lightning was actually enchanted blood, all flowing through fleshy tubes toward some central location. [[Amalia]] could sense a single soul somewhere ahead of them. As they continued to investigate, going even lower into the darkness, they found partially intact remains of bodies themselves, all fused together into a profane amalgamation. [[The Dragonguard]] opted to sail forward toward the soul [[Amalia]] sensed, as it was the same direction as their heading after all.

The father they sailed, the more “incomplete” the sacrifices to the ritual growth became. They eventually spotted the recognizable black-and-white regalia of [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s court. [[Talla]] and three of her blades were still breathing, not quite fused into the ritual yet. Horrific, mutated ghouls emerged from the flesh piles, eyes glowing red. They shambled toward [[Talla]] and her Blades, seemingly to usher along their integration. The group thought about the implications of the decision that now loomed before them, but decided they could not simply sail onward when they could save [[Talla]]. [[Mirina]] ordered the vessel be put down upon the growth so [[the Dragonguard]] could disembark…