[[The Dragonguard]] drew their weapons and disembarked to brave the ghouls shambling toward [[Talla]] and her Blades. As they neared, they noticed the ghouls were drawn to the closest source of blood. They used this to their advantage to keep the creatures away from [[Talla]]. Once the creatures were dispatched, the group secured [[Talla]] and all three surviving Blades aboard [[The Answer]].

While settling back aboard, the party noticed one of the patrolling [[Magerony|Mageron]] ships turned toward them. [[Mirina]] advised them that it was a ship of [[Navitas]] pact-bound [[Magerony|Magerons]], all bound to [[Diligence spirits]]. She explained that the [[Diligence spirits|Diligence]] [[Magerony|Magerons]] would be relentless busybodies. They all agreed that their plan would be to try and pull noble family rank using [[Inquisitor|House Inquisitor]], but [[Mirina]] warned that their disadvantage about the true purpose of [[The Blood Fog]] may cause it to come to blows. 

The [[Navitas]] ship set down and the captain and three crew members came aboard to speak. The captain introduced himself as [[Marco Navitas]], greeting [[Mirina]] with the respect befit her House. The conversation quickly turned sour though, as [[Marco Navitas|Marco]] questioned their rescue effort. [[Mirina]] explained she was running short on slaves and had decided to acquire more. [[Marco Navitas|Marco]] explained they were disrupting the “One of Two”, and that they would have to be escorted back to the [[Magerony]] to be questioned by [[Primarch Florian Durata|Primarch Durata]] himself. [[Mirina]] replied that that wouldn’t happen, and [[The Answer]]’s crew drew their weapons. 

Not only was the [[Navitas]] crew dangerous, but they also had a strange, levitating silver eyestalk aboard their ship. [[Amalia]] could sense that the eyestalk was part of a larger network of magic, but that it was currently disconnected. [[The Dragonguard]] focused on [[Marco Navitas|Marco]] and his crew at first, but the eyestalk began to flee northward toward the [[Magerony]]. While some of [[the Dragonguard]] cleaned up the rest of the [[Navitas]] crew, the rest sprinted toward the eyestalk to slay it before it could return home. After a long battle, the [[Navitas]] crew and the eyestalk were slain.

While they discussed how to deal with the ship and bodies, the group noticed that more ghouls had emerged and were already swarming the [[Navitas]] ship. It seemed the strange [[blood magic]] construct would clean up the evidence for them. 

[[The Answer]] returned to the skies to finish the voyage. They eventually passed over the core of [[The Blood Fog]], the destination of all the blood. It was a large orb glowing with an intense red. [[Amalia]] could sense the soul fragment within. With little to go on as to what the orb was or how to destroy it, the party continued northward. 

The island housing the [[Magerony]] eventually came into view, their destination in the bend of the crescent, the queen city of [[Immemoria]]. The city was filled with mage’s towers, colorful flashes of magic in the streets, finely dressed [[Magerony|Magerons]] being tended to by slaves, and the looming clocktower in the distance. The moon overlooked the entire city, the only celestial body that rose in the [[Magerony]].

[[The Dragonguard]] and [[Mirina]] left [[The Answer]] to keep to the skies to avoid the crowded docks, while they took a flying rowboat to the city itself. [[Mirina]] spoke past the dockworkers, gaining their group entry into [[Immemoria]]. She commented that the [[Founder Loyalists|Loyalists]] once kept to the shadows, but now they were bold. Many [[Magerony|Magerons]] wore the symbol of the [[Founder Loyalists]] openly. More silver eyestalks also lurked throughout the city. [[Mirina]] led them away from the docks, winding through streets and bridges spanning over popular canals. 

While crossing a large bridge filled with merchants, a [[Vanite]] [[Magerony|Mageron]] named [[Stefano]] stopped [[Mirina]] and challenged her “slaves” to a duel. [[Aksell]] gladly accepted the challenge, and [[Stefano]] allowed [[Aksell]] to choose the champion he would duel. [[Aksell]] opted to face off against the [[Doom Elf|doom-elf]] altered with demonic features such as horns. [[Mirina]] advised [[Aksell]] to not use any magical abilities, as that may break their cover. 

[[Aksell]] engaged the [[Doom Elf|doom-elf]] in hand-to-hand combat, each landing intense blows on one another. Both fighters were down to their last scraps of energy, but [[Aksell]] landed the final blow, sending the [[Doom Elf|doom-elf]] off his feet. [[Stefano]] and the spectators that had bet against [[Aksell]] moaned in disappointment. [[Stefano]] immediately berated his slave and accused [[Mirina]] of cheating, but [[Mirina]] knew how to deal with the man: by simply ignoring his claims and gloating in her victory. [[Stefano]] stormed away, and [[Mirina]] graced [[Aksell]] with an enchanted, blown kiss that enhanced his vitality. 

Next, the group stopped by an overlook nestled above the largest amphitheater. A concert was in progress, and the group spotted a luxury section atop a stone arch at the back of the amphitheater. Sat atop the stone was a green-and-gold scaled [[Dragons|dragon]] among other [[Magerony|Magerons]]. Several silver eyestalks lurked on the balcony as well. The group agreed that the [[Dragons|dragon]] was likely the shapeshifted [[Dante]] [[Agianile]], [[Corvus]]’s father. [[Mirina]] spoke of the man, explaining he was always a [[Founder Loyalists|Founder Loyalist]] and only accepted [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] into his home on the condition [[Corvus]] pursue her for marriage and children. All [[Corvus]] ever was to [[Dante]] was a tool to extend his own legacy. More eyestalks began to float up to the balcony, and [[Mirina]] grew uneasy. They left the overlook toward the Clocktower district. 

A newly opened museum caught [[Mirina]]’s eye, as it was not open when she had last visited only weeks ago. It was called the “Museum of [[Founders|the Founders]]”. The party decided to venture inside to see what they could learn. Inside, they found regalia, decorations, and exhibits all centered around the [[Founders]]. While perusing the exhibits and timelines, they learned many things. They learned very little of the first age depicted, the [[Age of Parasites]] from years 0 to 1191. In 1191, an exhibit explained six powerful figures learned to form symbiotic pacts with demons and spirits. These six were installed as the new Magistrates of a more-unified [[Magerony]], in all but name.

In the next age, the [[Age of the Blood Moon]], [[Founders|the Founders]] seemed to have met the seventh of their order, the strange chromatic [[Founders|Founder]], in 1192. This seventh member taught the other six [[Blood Magic]], but even the curators of the museum only referred to them as “[[The Forgotten One]]”. With their seventh member, they crowned themselves [[Founders|the Founders]] of [[Magerony|the Solstice Magerony]], in the same year. They then began to spread their knowledge of [[Blood Magic]] to a chosen few families. As [[Blood Magic]] spread, they began to use [[Matar|Matarans]] as stock and fuel for those spells.

In 1205, the [[Founders]] learned to break their own pacts, only relying on their own, mysterious power. The curators noted that this process is still unknown to the current day. 

By 1300, [[Founders|the Founders]] began to modify the [[Matar|Matarans]], warping them into new species to fill more specific, magical needs. This step toward godhood was realized in 1355, when the seven joined together to cast the [[Drop of Creation]], creating [[Aurion]] and [[Ager]]. The two were bred by [[Founders|the Founders]] to form a fleet of [[Dragons|dragon]] companions for themselves and other noble families. 

In the same year as the [[Drop of Creation]], [[Founders|the Founders]] created their own, personal domains of power through unknown means, fusing them into their bloodlines. Some of [[Founders|the Founders]] also gifted this process to noble families, such as the [[Duratas]]. 

In a dedicated section for each [[Founders|Founder]], the group learned the specifics of each of their bloodline powers. [[Nizima]] mastered the powers of the [[Infinite Insight]], granting him powers such as peering across the worlds and foresight, among other abilities. [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro]] mastered the powers of the [[Impossible Rapidity]], granting him powers such as teleportation and flight, among other abilities. [[Allunaris]] mastered the powers of the [[Starless Midnight]], granting him powers such as imposing sleep and impenetrable darkness, among other abilities. [[Stasia]] mastered the powers of [[Dispelling Negentropy]], granting her powers such as deep freezing and spell-breaking, among other abilities. [[Corvux]] mastered the powers of the [[Relentless Legacy]], granting him powers such as body replication and memory alteration, among other abilities. [[Artlatta]] mastered the powers of the [[Mythical Grasp]], granting her powers such as telekinesis and enhanced strength, among abilities. And finally, [[The Forgotten One]] possessed profound knowledge of [[Blood Magic]], and certainly a litany of other specialties. The exhibits also had space reserved for possible Descendants, though the ones listed were already known to the party.

The next sections spoke of some of the viler actions of [[Founders|the Founders]], such as the Fall of the [[Sunrise Kingdom]] and the [[Morning Fae]] in 1392 and the Fall of the [[Midnight Coast]] and [[Night Fae]] in 1395. The [[Morning Fae]] were warped into mind-breaking servants, while the [[Night Fae]] were transformed into strange figures that could forge weaponry and relics. 

The penultimate age was listed next, the [[Age of Schisms]] from 1459 to 1759. This age seemed to depict the splitting of [[Founders|the Founders]], whether by accident or their own volition. The exhibit simply stated they “Abide their Return in the new Age”. 

During the [[Age of Schisms]], the two successful [[Doom Event|Doom]] events took place, the first in 1500, the next in 1602. The exhibit explained The [[Second Doom]] was nearly unsuccessful, and that [[Allunaris]] lost many [[Candidates|Doomlords]], forcing him to retreat into the Void to regain his strength, the last [[Founders|Founder]] to vanish. 

The First [[Matar]]-[[Magerony]] War, where the Ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] pushed the [[Magerony]] out of the country, took place in 1610, paving the way for [[Matar]] to begin stable cities and governments from the ashes of their twice-destroyed country. 

The last and current age was labeled the Age of [[Founders|the Founders]], from 1760 to the current day. In 1760, the exhibit had The [[Third Doom]] listed, explaining that [[Korrin|King Korrin]] and the [[Bloodied Heroes]] performed a profane ritual to kill [[Allunaris]], thereby stopping [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. In response, the [[Founder Loyalists|Founder Loyalist]] Party was formed to strengthen the [[Magerony]] to truly strike back against [[Matar]] in the future. 

And finally, the last exhibit was that of [[Nizima]] himself. It was labeled from the year 1820 to the current day, and had the title “[[Nizima]] Returns and the Second [[Matar]]-[[Magerony]] War”. The exhibit recounted the events [[the Dragonguard]] had experienced themselves, thereby placing 1820 in [[Magerony|Mageron]] history with year 60 of [[Matar|Mataran]] history. A curator for the museum just finished installing an additional plaque next to the exhibit, and the party found that it read, “Visited by [[Founders|Founder]] [[Nizima]] in 1820”…