[[Leo]] approached aboard his own [[blood-siren]] vessel, allowing his flanking ships to fan out to form a perimeter. [[The Dragonguard]] did the same, continuing forward to meet [[Leo]] by themselves. Once within earshot, [[Leo]] spoke. He mentioned being left behind so long ago, when [[the Dragonguard]] had the impossible choice of saving him or Knight-Captain [[Cassian]]. [[Leo]] taunted them, reminding them he was in their clutches again, anyway. [[Noctema]] mentioned that there appeared to be three magical presences surrounding [[Leo]], two red, but one of a black-gray smoke. [[Vespello]] saw a momentary flash of these magical presences himself. [[Wren]] added that she could sense the phylactery on [[Leo]].

[[Leo]] understood why [[the Dragonguard]] did what they did but added that it didn’t change where they now stood. They each took a different path and had their blades honed by different means. Since they left him for dead on a ship, he said he would return the favor. Both sides drew their weapons for the showdown.

[[The Dragonguard]] fought [[Leo]] and his crew of transformed [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]], eventually with [[Aksell]] striking the last strike. The strike smashed through [[Leo]]’s strange black armor, sending him over the railing of the ship. He used his [[blood-siren]] wings to stay in the air for a moment, but they faltered, eventually disintegrating. [[Leo]] grasped at the side of the boat, just barely grabbing a plank. In a brief moment of lucidity, the true [[Leo]] poking through, he remembered a moment when he saved [[Alicia]] in a reversed scenario. This broke his concentration, causing him to sink beneath the waves as [[the Dragonguard]] reached for him. [[Wren]] rushed to the side of the vessel, magically tracking the phylactery. She explained that she could sense it growing farther and farther away, but it appeared that [[Leo]] was swimming, not drowning. He was also continuing to descend when he should have already hit the seafloor. 

A Navigan sailor arrived with [[the Dragonguard]]’s [[Amanta|Amantan]] kraken. [[The Dragonguard]] very quickly boarded the vessel to chase [[Leo]] below, explaining the situation to the sailor. They quickly delved beneath the waves, leaving the Navigan knights and mages to finish up the remaining [[blood-siren]] vanguard. 

Eventually, a cavern mouth was found near the seafloor. Strangely, it appeared to have remnants of hewn stone. The kraken was too small to continue, so [[the Dragonguard]] retrieved rebreathers, one spare for [[Leo]], and swam into the opening. They swam through the cavern, finding old Mageron and [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] relics. They finally emerged into a ruined chamber.

They found [[Leo]] standing in a chamber with ruined heraldry of both [[Founders|the Founders]] and the ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]. When [[Leo]] turned, they saw his eyes glowing silver, and he spoke with [[Nizima]]’s voice. [[Nizima]] greeted [[the Dragonguard]], lamenting how long it had been. He wondered why they fought against him and [[Founders|the Founders]]’ ideas so desperately, when all of them only existed because of what they did, referencing their genetic tampering. He took particular interest in [[Akalar]], having converted a demon into a spirit. The [[Founders|Founder]] said that [[Akalar]] could possibly be a “seed specimen in the next phase”, though he did not elaborate further. 

[[Nizima]] continued, that they stood in the results of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]’s “success”, taunting the fact they stood in ruins. He explained that even success was a strong word to use, since he himself warned his fellow [[Founders]] to step aside, into the margins, to bide their time. [[Nizima]] noted that [[Allunaris]] was the only one who did not heed his warnings of one possible outcome he saw in the infinite possibilities. That one outcome gave him a great deal of pause. [[Aksell]] felt [[Allunaris]]’s fragment in the book, asking to speak to [[Nizima]], his friend. [[Nizima]] immediately snapped that he had no desire to speak to the profane fragment they carried. With that, the book went completely silent. 

As [[Leo]], possessed by [[Nizima]], paced across the chamber, [[the Dragonguard]] could feel scratches at the backs of their minds. [[Nizima]] raised a brow, commending them for the heights of power they had reached. They understood that when [[Nizima]] delved into their minds before, they could not even tell he was doing so. [[Celeste]] briefly heard the muffled voice of [[Antar]], saying he would do what he could to help protect her mind. With a flash of silver light from a magical eye in his palm, [[Leo]]-[[Nizima]] cast a spell to cast them into magical prison, saying he would show them why he must complete this work.

They were pulled to a strange vision of the countryside by a lake. An unknown mountain range loomed in the distance. They were semi-transparent specters in this odd world, witnessing a magic ritual in front of them. Seven figures gathered around a mismatched set of bones. The seven figures they deduced were [[Founders|the Founders]] themselves, recognizing [[Nizima]], [[Allunaris]], and [[Artlatta]]. From the memories and legends they knew, they gathered the macabre man garbed in skulls and purple robes was [[Corvux]], knowing only his name and nothing else. A man in gilded armor and an overcoat had eyes that matched [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], so they presumed him to be [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]]. Two completely unknown [[Founders]], both of which had no known remnants of even their names, stood around the bones as well. One was a levitating figure in a beige cloak with a glowing magical core that emanated chromatic magic strands. The last was a stern-looking woman in pure white armor and a blue cloak. [[Amalia]] seemed shocked when seeing the woman, mumbling the name “[[Willow Stasia]]” as she retreated into her thoughts. A strange wind blew when she spoke the surname.

[[Leo]]-[[Nizima]] told the group to watch closely. His past self spoke to his peers, telling them this ritual was their penultimate step before they ascended. They outstretched their hands, magic beginning to surround them. They chanted, “From bone, to blood”. A powerful wind blew across the countryside, and for a moment, it felt as if the entire world was bared open to whatever lied without. Magic ribbons wrapped around the mismatched bones, and circulatory and nervous systems began to form around the bones, binding them together. [[Nizima]] spoke to his peers again, urging them to continue the spell. [[Founders|The Founders]] continued their incantation, “And from blood to flesh.” Muscle, sinew and flesh itself began to wrap around the unnatural creature they were resurrecting. A tiger-like body, fleshy wings with bone feathers, and a [[Humans|human]]’s anguished face materialized, fully creating a living abomination from bones. Unseeing eyes from the humanoid face darted back and forth as the creature struggled to control its own body. After it oriented itself, it began hunting fish in the lake.

Many of [[Founders|the Founders]] were beaming in pride, despite the horrific creature they had just revived. [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] and [[Artlatta]] seemed pensive, and the woman in white armor remained stoic. [[Nizima]] addressed his peers again, saying this was all the proof they needed. Their ritual site awaited, and it was now time for them to ascend to godhood, in more than name. He said, “Let us be off, and May the Blood of our Bone Ignite our Path.” They repeated the mantra back to him, [[Artlatta]] and [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] merely mumbling it back. As they gathered their supplies, [[Artlatta]] paused and asked if they should kill the creature, for it could pose a risk to the nearby tribes. [[Nizima]] and [[Allunaris]] laughed. [[Nizima]] laid a warm hand on [[Artlatta]]’s shoulder, which she bristled at, and told her it mattered not. They would have a clean slate to work with soon enough. He explained these rough, first drafts are meaningless. He turned away from her and aimed his gaze toward the mountains.


[[Artlatta]] and [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] shared a hesitant and quiet look. [[Leo]]-[[Nizima]] pointed at the pair of them and said that was why he must do this, whatever “this” was. He added that if he didn’t know [[Artlatta]]’s “proclivities”, he would have assumed they were together. His gaze lingered on [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]], however, and he snarled that [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] was the real thorn in his side. [[Aksell]] felt [[Allunaris]]’s fragment bristle in agreement. 

[[Leo]]-[[Nizima]] continued as his past self and his peers rendezvoused with a large column of slaves, chained as likely sacrifices for [[blood magic]], saying they would go on to cast last the spell they ever collaborated on. He lamented the things they could have accomplished if they stayed united. The possessed [[dwarf]] turned, saying they’d seen all they needed to see, and that was why they would stay here forever, buried and forgotten. Never to wake from this dream. The form of [[Leo]] began to waver and fade. Before he fizzled out, he told them to rejoice that they were currently, most certainly, the only living Matarans to see the Seven joined.

[[The Dragonguard]] were left stranded by the lake, the misty bounds losing fidelity. [[Allunaris]]’s fragment materialized out of the book, a black-and-purple semi-shapeless facsimile of the man they saw earlier. He spoke, wondering what would have been if he had listened to his friend’s warnings. When he turned his attention back to [[the Dragonguard]], he goaded them at first, saying they were much like him now, trapped within a prison of their own minds. Eventually, the group convinced the [[Founders|Founder]] remnant to assist them, him admitting that he did not wish to be doubly sealed, forever lost in a sunken cavern. [[Aksell]] gave his word that they would bring him to his corpse if he helped them escape. In return, [[Allunaris]] gave his own word that he did not have the power to reanimate his, or anyone else’s, body. If he did, he explained that he would have done it already, especially when they were unconscious. 

[[Allunaris]] explained that [[Nizima]] trapped people in their own minds, building an entire world to imprison them. The tricky part was that he used his own memories and experiences to trick the victim into thinking they were at his mercy. He would carefully craft this world, making it seem as though only he had the key, when in truth, there should be an escape. [[Allunaris]] and [[the Dragonguard]] brainstormed for a time, thinking back on what they heard, or how they even got there in the first place. Eventually, they turned to the lake, for they swam through a cavern to find [[Leo]]. [[Allunaris]] wagered that was [[Nizima]]’s building block that matched his memory: a body of water. He was confident the escape would be beneath this eerie lake. He warned [[the Dragonguard]] to be wary of the creatures they left behind in the lake.

[[The Dragonguard]] delved beneath the lake, eventually finding a very similarly crafted cavern, almost as if [[Nizima]] plucked it from the real world and planted it here. They entered the cavern, and several reanimated skeletons rose to life. Skeletal sea serpents joined them. The group fought through the skeletal creatures, heading toward a similar chamber in which they had found [[Leo]]. [[Celeste]] decided to explore a side cavern, finding a strange being waiting within. The being stood as if it were in open air, despite being on the seafloor. It stood perfectly still, garbed in a plain black cloak. As [[Celeste]] looked at the creature, she saw a powdered white face and fully black eyes, staring straight ahead. [[Celeste]] turned to leave and heard movement behind her. The creature had begun mimicking her strokes but had frozen in place when she turned. She fled as fast as possible, alerting [[the Dragonguard]] of what she had found. When [[Vespello]] investigated, he found no figure. [[Celeste]] panicked, searching the chamber again, but the group eventually agreed they had to move on. They swam toward the surface, emerging into a chamber they hoped would be their egress…