[[The Dragonguard]] emerged briefly from the [[Amanta|Amantan]] kraken. [[Sovier]] got reoriented with the Navigans aboard *[[The Paragon]]*, then the group boarded their kraken to enact the second stage of the plan. The bulk of the [[blood-siren]] fleet began to move in, while the Navigan fleet moved out to meet them. While the battle raged, [[the Dragonguard]] would delve beneath the waves to take out two Knight-Lieutenants and [[Lucia|Knight-Captain Lucia]]. 

[[The Dragonguard]] boarded the first Knight-Lieutenant ship, fighting off a squad of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] and their leader, Knight-Lieutenant Helena. [[Noctema]] and [[Vespello]] could tell, and [[Sovier]] confirmed, that there was no evidence of blood-binding on these [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. They were driven by pure desire to fulfill [[Nicoletta]]’s plans. Once the group and the leader were defeated, Helena briefly glanced at nearby crates that were securely tied down and said that [[the Dragonguard]] would not be able to stem the tide. 

When [[the Dragonguard]] investigated the crates, they found samples of [[blood-siren]] blood, labeled as such. In other crates, they found empty vials labeled with individual names. They recognized two in particular: Korrina and [[Annasia]], the Knight-Captain and Councilor of [[Locations/Matar/Syreni/index|Syreni]], respectively. They theorized that perhaps they were planning on corrupting or binding the other, normal sirens. [[The Dragonguard]] took a few samples as evidence, destroyed the rest, then they noticed [[Talisman]] was receiving a reply from their magical letter they had sent to Knight-Captain [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]]. 

[[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]]’s reply revealed that they had successfully fended off scattered groups of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] that had been transformed into bat-like creatures, but that there had been no organized attacks. He added that [[Locations/Matar/Merca/index|Merca]] was a center of lawlessness, but that they were using a gentle hand to try and steer their ship in the right direction. [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] ended his letter confidently that they would be ready for an attack. 

[[The Dragonguard]] detached from the first ship, allowing the water to overtake it. They made their way to the second target. Aboard the second ship, they found a squad of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] already prepared to fend off against them. Their Knight-Lieutenant, Lily, had her blade drawn protecting a strange glass container, commanding her sirens to protect it, for it was the key to their plans. 

After [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious, Lily spoke similarly to Helena, saying [[the Dragonguard]] were going to be powerless to stop them. She said the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] would be the “pinnacle” species in the next slate. [[The Dragonguard]] weren’t entirely clear about what she meant but formed some theories after what they had seen in [[Nizima]]’s mind-prison. 

Before leaving, they investigated the cargo of this ship. They found strange, metal crates forged from a heavy, dark metal. When they pried them open, they were immediately met with a helixbreaker effect. Shackles of a silvery metal sat within the crates. [[Amalia]] recognized it as a metal similar to that [[Willow Stasia]] wore when he arrived at [[Ager]]’s Spire. The only thing she knew about it was that [[Willow Stasia|Willow]] rarely wore it. 

In the glass container, they found a unique set of shackles levitating within. They were similar in shape, but the shackles had magical golden sigils etched within them, in the shape of a [[Dragons|dragon]]. The glass seemed indestructible, so [[Vespello]] decided he would use his spell scroll to transmit his image to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to get her advice… 