[[Vespello]] transmitted an image of himself and the glass canister containing the shackles to [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], who appeared to be standing on [[Dieter]]’s balcony watching the battle at sea. She eventually transmitted herself physically with her own [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] [[blood magic]] so she could investigate personally. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained that the strong glass was a [[Founders|Founder]] concoction, also used in ritual setups to pass on their bloodline powers. It was meant to contain the volatility of their powers to some degree. She frequently touched the tips of her fingers, saying she felt a strange prickle. A few theories on what the shackles could be for given they had golden etchings were shared, and [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] eventually teleported herself and the canister away to the [[Scarlet Temple]] to allow [[the Dragonguard]] to finish their battle.

The battle at sea continued to rage, cannon fire all around. [[The Dragonguard]] returned to their [[Amanta|Amantan]] Kraken and turned their vessel toward *The [[Sanguina]]* and [[Lucia|Knight-Captain Lucia]]. Once aboard, they found even more storage of vials, shackles, and another glass canister. Even more [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] stood ready to protect them, though [[the Dragonguard]] defeated them handily. They looked around for a brief moment before a hatch opened above them and a strong woman’s voice called for them to come above deck and face her. [[The Dragonguard]] obliged.

Above deck, they found [[Lucia|Knight-Captain Lucia]] and several [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] prepared to face them. [[Lucia]]’s eyes were completely blotted with red, rather than the brown with red flecking she had when [[the Dragonguard]] initially met her. [[Lucia]] scolded them, saying it didn’t have to be this way, gesturing to the carnage around them. She explained [[Nizima]] would have let some of their kinds live, but now they would be wiped clean for their resistance. [[Blood-Siren|Blood-sirens]] were, according to [[Lucia]], promised to be the “pinnacle” species in the new slate by [[Nizima]] and [[Calathan]]. [[The Dragonguard]] tried to convince [[Lucia]] the men were manipulators, but she would not hear reason. [[Vespello]] attempted to use his and [[Noctema]]’s magic-sight, but a pendant around [[Lucia]]’s neck blocked the spell. It was silver in the shape of an eye. [[Lucia]] explained that [[Nizima]] protected those that were instrumental to their cause. While speaking, she suddenly touched her temple in pain, shouting for [[the Dragonguard]] to be silent. The two sides engaged. 

[[The Dragonguard]] fought across the deck of the ship amidst rain and cannon fire. It seemed as though the battle was beginning to turn [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]’s favor, especially after [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s secondary fleet flanked the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. Eventually [[Lucia]] was disarmed and thrown to the floor of the ship. She held up her hands in surrender, and [[Vespello]] could briefly see a red mist of magic emerge from her core, though it still lingered just over her shoulder. Her eyes seemed more lucid. [[Wren]] arrived at nearly the same moment, fully transformed into her strega form and enraged with [[blood-siren]] magic. She raised her claws to finish [[Lucia]], but [[the Dragonguard]] rushed to stop her, urging her to calm down. [[Lucia]] tried to reason with the enraged, former Archmage, explaining that she was lucky, for herself and the [[First Sister]] were the first victims of being blood-bound by [[Nicoletta]]. [[Wren]] was next on the list before she escaped. 

[[Wren]], though red magic still burned in her eyes, stopped struggling against [[the Dragonguard]]. In that brief pause, [[the Dragonguard]] realized what she’d done. She had dispelled the phylactery out of [[Leo]] entirely; she did not absorb it. [[Wren]] let out a heavy breath and faltered. Between breaths, she told [[the Dragonguard]] to take [[Lucia]] captive. [[Lucia]] could help them into [[Atrae]], and [[Wren]] could use her own blood to keep [[Nicoletta]]’s blood-binding at bay for as long as she could. *[[The Paragon]]* and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s flagship began to approach as the battle was nearing its conclusion. 

[[Lucia]] readily agreed to surrender and ordered her crewmates to throw up the flag of surrender. Many ships beyond began to throw up similar flags and surrender to the Navigans. Cheers erupted across the sea as [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] claimed their victory over the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. [[Lucia]] stayed near the ship’s railing, seemingly searching for something.

[[Aksell]] summoned [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] with a scroll she had left them, and she appeared in a flash of gold magic. She quickly went below deck to secure the second canister. 

[[Lucia]] spoke, seemingly to herself, that not everyone was surrendering. She explained to the group that even the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] that weren’t blood-bound weren’t surrendering, which shouldn’t be. In the distance, high above the sea, the group spotted a small group of transformed [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] forming a ritual circle. [[Lucia]] commented that [[the Dragonguard]] should return to their ship and man their cannons, worry in her eyes. The ritual circle began to glow red, and a massive silver eye appeared. The eye scanned the battlefield, then quickly vanished. [[Lucia]] shouted with even more urgency for [[the Dragonguard]] to ready themselves, and a [[Dragons|dragon]] roar pierced the air. 

[[Ager]] flew over the battle, arriving from the north. Strapped to their sides were large glass containers with blood. [[The Dragonguard]] readied their cannons to try and fire on the beast as they opened their maw to spew silver fire. As the flames left their mouth, the blood from the canisters emerged and transformed the silver flames into gold. The flames struck the remaining [[blood-siren]] ships and teleported them to an unknown destination. [[The Dragonguard]] struck [[Ager]] successfully with cannonballs, and though they roared in anger as their hide and some of the containers were struck, [[Ager]] remained resolute in their mission, not responding with an attack of their own. As the blood was being used, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] returned above deck in awe, saying that [[Ager]] was using [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] blood. 

Eventually, either from being used or destroyed from cannon fire, [[Ager]] ran low on blood stores. After teleporting about 75% of the remaining [[blood-siren]] fleet, [[Ager]] used the last bit to transport themselves away. [[Lucia]] shook her head in defeat, telling [[the Dragonguard]] she will get them into [[Atrae]], that [[Nicoletta]]’s madness must be stopped. With the help of Navigan knights, [[the Dragonguard]] turned *[[The Paragon]]* back toward [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] as the sun began to rise. 

[[The Dragonguard]] arrived at dock alongside [[Azel]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], all three groups reuniting. The city was already deep into celebration, a crowd gathered at the dock to welcome their heroes back home. Blue and gold banners bearing the sigil of [[the Dragonguard]] were already being strewn across the city. [[The Dragonguard]] walked into the cheering crowd alongside their allies, heading back toward [[Dieter]]’s palace. [[Madison]] whispered to [[Celeste]] that perhaps this wasn’t so bad, turning their past horrors and griefs into something greater, preventing others from suffering what they had. 

Back in [[Dieter]]’s palace, they found [[Leo]] sound asleep. [[Wren]] stepped forward and showed his eyes, the blood-binding red completely gone. She explained that she discovered she wouldn’t be able to absorb the phylactery herself without bringing some form of harm to [[Leo]], so she opted to transform and dispel it. This act is what caused her to become enraged, and she flew from the tower quickly to not harm any of their allies. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] commended [[Wren]], saying she was proud of her. When [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] mentioned that sometimes it is best to put aside personal needs for the greater good, [[the Dragonguard]] noticed [[Corvus]] looked a bit dejected at the comment.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] then spoke of the glass canisters, explaining that the shackles themselves had traces of [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] blood as well. Additionally, she revealed that the prickling feeling her fingers was because the shackles contained a helixbreaker enchantment that affected even her. The group agreed that [[Nizima]]’s and [[Calathan]]’s plans seemed to overlap to a degree, but they each seemed to have their own, separate goals as well. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] concluded that they were still missing too many pieces. 

[[Azel]] thanked [[the Dragonguard]] and asked a favor. He said he knew he could be terse, difficult even, but that the battle at [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] had humbled him. In a rare showing of emotion, [[Azel]] explained that [[Cassian]] was a dear friend and a great Knight-Captain. He begged the group to bring him home safely. 

[[Dieter]] stepped forward, virtually speechless in his gratitude. He said the city meant so much to him, and with an odd pause, said he had never seen it get so close to being lost. [[Dieter]] finished his thanks by saying he and [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] will never be able to repay [[the Dragonguard]]. They would be legends in this city, long after it is dust.  