[[The Dragonguard]] emerged into the underwater cavern to see several silver eyes dotting the walls, floor, and ceiling. They could sense an evil, magical presence but could not see it. With weapons drawn, they interacted with the eyes, using their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic to pull some of [[Nizima]]’s magic out themselves. While enchanted by this [[Nizima]]-Sight, they could see the evil presence, or presences. They saw some of their past adversaries throughout their journey: [[Avus]], Galileo, [[Lambert]], a [[Dragons|Dragon]] Mutant, and Modifica. Using the [[Nizima]]-Sight magic, they gained stronger and stronger perception on their foes, having to deduce which of the five targets was correct. Once they had struck the strange Egress Guardian presence enough, the eyes all bled out. A large exit in the shape of a golden eye opened on the other side of the chamber. As they exited, their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic surged. They were able to form the memories of these past foes into true shape in the form of equipment, though it was temporary. They took their new armaments and exited [[Nizima]]’s mind prison.

When their vision cleared, they woke up in the original chamber with the tattered banners. [[Talisman]] was tending to [[Aksell]] and explained that they all dropped unconscious when [[Leo]]’s palm showed the silver eye, including [[Leo]] himself. Maestro asked [[Akalar]] for clarification, if they witnessed what they called “The First Song”. [[Akalar]] explained they saw just before then, and when asked by Maestro if [[dragons]] “owe” [[Founders|the Founders]] for their creation, [[Akalar]] told them they did not. 

[[Leo]] was still unconscious with [[Wren]] examining him. [[Noctema]] no longer saw [[Nizima]]’s magical presence looming over him. The group discussed what to do, with [[Wren]] offering to depart from the rest of the battle to take [[Leo]] back to [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]]. There, she could work to remove the phylactery safely, without harming [[Leo]]. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed, and [[Wren]] departed the cavern in her true [[blood-siren]] form for expediency. [[The Dragonguard]] tended to their wounds and gear and returned to the [[Amanta|Amantan]] Kraken.

As the group ascended back toward the battle, [[Antar]] commended [[Celeste]] for defending against [[Nizima]]’s powers of the mind, for they were formidable. He added that [[Aurora]]’s mind has nearly settled, and that it was almost “sewn” back together. [[Antar]] said he would be content with her stability and would then seek out Lucien to bring her back to consciousness. 

As she calmed down, [[Amalia]]’s mind recalled more and more about [[Willow Stasia]]. She recalled that his [[Founders|Founder]] tattoo was unfinished, but it was of a black [[Dragons|dragon]] with ivory scales. [[Amalia]] did not recall [[Willow Stasia|Willow]] ever using a unique bloodline power in her presence. [[Founders]] in her world would trade descendants as wards, in return for samples of blood. All she could remember beyond that was that [[Willow Stasia|Willow]] was working with [[Nizima]] on “devices” before [[Nizima]] decided to subject him to [[Ager]]’s torture. 

The group at last emerged to ready themselves for the all-out battle on the sea…