As [[the Dragonguard]] sailed out to meet the [[blood-siren]] vanguard, alongside the Navigans and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s ships, [[Sovier]]’s [[Sovier's Lust Demon|Lust Demon]] spoke to [[Aksell]]. It seemed intrigued by his desire for glory and battle, and seemed interested in his note that he did not wish for it to last forever. 

[[The Dragonguard]] engaged the first set of ships. After neutralizing the first one, [[Wren]] discovered that some of the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] were blood-bound themselves. She theorized her and [[Sovier]]’s magic could mix with [[the Dragonguard]]’s [[Flourish|Grace]] magic to empower their weapons to break the bond. [[Wren]] noted that it may only work because the bond would be so strained due to quantity and distance from [[Nicoletta]]. [[Akalar]] was also granted a boon from the Temperance Spirit following him.

After defeating a few more ships, [[Azel]] fired off an intensely powerful ice magic spell, flash-freezing his own ship and those surrounding him. A flare of ice magic fired off, seemingly signaling for assistance. An unfrozen [[blood-siren]] ship began to move in. [[The Dragonguard]] turned their vessel to intercept.

[[The Dragonguard]] pulled up next to [[Azel]]’s vessel, boarded it, then fended off the invading [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. Once the area was clear, [[Azel]] lowered his ice magic, thanking [[the Dragonguard]] profusely. He explained he was preparing an ultimate spell to fend off the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] after being surrounded. It was likely he would have lost a lot of Mage Order members if not for the assist. The group noticed he seemed uncharacteristically shaken and was shivering despite being a master of ice magic. [[Accala]] urged [[Amalia]] to further release [[Nerasang]]’s soul fragment, perhaps allowing her to make use of [[Nerasang]]’s calming magic. [[Amalia]] did so, and [[Accala]] gained the ability to materialize [[Dragons|dragon]] horns and a hide of midnight black-and-purple scales. She nuzzled against [[Azel]]’s leg, calming him down. He thanked the group then made his way back to the helm. 

A flash of brilliant light shined down on [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s ship, just after they cleared out a contingent of the [[blood-siren]] ships. [[The Dragonguard]] ventured toward the ship to see what happened.

They found a crowd gathered around an unconscious [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]]. After a few moments, the Prince came to, a stern look growing on his face as he got to his feet. He asked how [[the Dragonguard]] could have kept something so vital from him. The crew began to disperse, but [[Madison]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] lingered. [[The Dragonguard]] pieced together that he was likely referencing his sister [[Aura]], being alive. [[Aurum]] explained a man’s voice told him the news, and that he had the power to fix her mind. The voice told [[Aurum]] to follow [[the Dragonguard]], as they were currently seeking him out. The group readily agreed to bring [[Aurum]] along when they met Lucien. A massive weight seemed to be lifted from his shoulders. He added that his father told of a story of a powerful mage that could cast magic so potent that it could alter memory itself. He wondered if this mage was Lucien. Though [[Aurum]] and [[the Dragonguard]] never mentioned [[Aura]] by name, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] seemed to make note of their explanation of how it could destabilize things to be made public. 

[[Aurum]] thanked the group, then advised them they still had work to do. [[The Dragonguard]] boarded *[[The Paragon]]* and set sail toward [[leo|the Red Dwarf]]’s flagship as it cut through waves toward them…