[[The Dragonguard]] made their way to the Deep-Sea House, a fine restaurant whose owner the group assisted at the start of their journey. The owner and head chef, [[Taven]], had temporarily turned the restaurant into a food bank, handing out packages to knights, mages, and townspeople in need. The group greeted [[Taven]], and [[Aksell]] introduced Graham to the chef, saying Graham wished to work there. [[Taven]] gladly accepted the help and promised a spot in his kitchen when things returned to normal. Graham said his farewells, gifting [[Aksell]] a recipe book of the favorites Graham would cook on their jobs. Graham and [[Taven]] strolled away discussing various knife techniques. 

At [[Dieter]]’s palace, [[the Dragonguard]] reunited with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], [[Corvus]], [[Dieter]], [[Vellir]], and [[Sovier]] in [[Dieter]]’s wardrobe, where [[Sovier]] and [[Vellir]] had been working on some custom equipment for [[the Dragonguard]]. [[Vellir]] quickly departed to work on some vessels [[the Dragonguard]] would be piloting.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] discussed what the group had discovered alongside [[Mirina]]. She explained that [[the Rectifiers]] had in fact also visited the moon, finding a place referenced in vague Mageron legends as the “[[Temple of the Founders]]”. That group met two strange individuals who wielded [[Doom magic]] in a strange ritual chamber with seven braziers, two of which were extinguished. The braziers allowed [[the Rectifiers]] to destroy [[Anchors]], powerful relics that were corrupting people into [[Candidates|Doomlords]] and [[Candidates|Doomladies]] during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]]. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] did not know if it was indeed the same place as [[the Red Inquisitor]]’s castle, but that they should keep an eye out for the braziers when they return.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Corvus]] made to depart, but [[Corvus]] asked [[Akalar]] if he still wished to help him deal with his own father. He did not want to impose after the events at the farmstead. [[Akalar]] agreed, and [[Corvus]] explained he wished to organize a symphony in the Magerony, once the [[Primarch Florian Durata|Primarch]] was dead. The symphony would be held in [[Dante Agianile]]’s honor, and the group could wait in the wings to strike once he arrived. He tasked [[Akalar]] with working on musical pieces for the symphony while they fought the war in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], for it would not be until [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] was safe that he would wish to hold the event. 

 [[Dieter]] greeted the group politely, but quickly excused himself to not get in the way of their defense of his city. 

[[Sovier]] explained that [[Vellir]] had worked on some custom gear for their seafaring battle. [[The Dragonguard]] tested out the gear, [[Sovier]] readied herself in [[siren]] gear, and the group set off for the docks.

On the way out, they encountered [[Azel]] examining the portraits of [[Dieter]]’s ancestors. When asked if he discovered anything from his family’s journal, he confirmed he had. He learned that these were not portraits of his family, but of *him*. [[Dieter]] was at least part Mageron and had extended his life through [[blood magic]]. The group and [[Azel]] agreed that [[Dieter]] had done nothing to make them question his loyalty, but [[Azel]] said he would keep an eye on him. He then said he would be joining them at sea to break the vanguard. 

At the docks, the group met [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] alongside two of her Queensguard, [[Madison]] and [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]]. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] greeted them, and quietly asked if they knew of any side errands [[Ronotte]] intended to run. They did not, and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] explained that he had not yet returned to [[Amanta]] or joined them for this battle, which was out of character for him. She continued that he still had proper Queensguard coverage placed upon her, so he had not vanished entirely. She thanked them and gave an update of what had unfolded in the west after they had departed. The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] and [[Duma Van]] reported that their cities were secure, but the Guiding Star had loosed a large number of Doomchitin creatures. They would likely be a threat for some time. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] emphasized, especially to [[Celeste]], that [[Celeste|Aurora]] was being referred to officially as the Guiding Star. She advised them to speak to [[Madison]] and [[Aurum]] before returning to upkeeping her white flame wall at sea.

[[Aurum]] advised the group first on the situation at sea. The vanguard of the [[blood-siren]] fleet had been expertly crafted, with cohesive crews slowly taking down the Navigan fleet through attrition. A brutal [[dwarf]] that flew on bat-like wings alongside transformed [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] made it difficult for Navigans to win skirmishes. [[Sovier]] spoke up, saying her plan was to brave the vanguard aboard a galleon, break it, then venture below the impending clash in an [[Amanta|Amantan]] submersible to take out the leadership. Once the sirens were in disarray, they could pincer the rest of the fleet with the [[Amanta|Amantan]] ships waiting beyond the blockade.

[[Celeste]] then took [[Aurum]] to the side and returned his mother’s amulet, Protection, to him. He seemed as though he would never lay eyes upon it again, and explained the amulet was an [[ebonyborn]] relic his mother had earned, and she gave it to [[Korrin|King Korrin]]. It protected him in some of his most dire moments. [[Celeste]] then offered kind words to the aged Prince, urging him to not feel responsible for more than he should.

[[Madison]] then asked [[Celeste]] to speak privately, and the two discussed how they each unravel what happened to them as Luxenians during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]]. [[Madison]] explained that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] herself saved her in the city when her entire family had been lost. She took [[Madison]] as her own since, but [[Madison]] asked how [[Celeste]] continued on as a survivor, rising to glory as she did. [[Celeste]] offered advice and kind words to [[Madison]] to help her work through her survivor’s guilt. 

Before they could board their vessels, [[Allunaris]] asked [[Aksell]] to speak to [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]]. He offered to materialize the spirit following [[Akalar]] as a sign of good faith. They agreed, and [[Allunaris]]’s fragment materialized the temperance spirit, binding it with shadows. The spirit explained to [[Akalar]] that it fed on his father for years as a gluttony demon. When [[Akalar]] finally took control of the situation, it fundamentally unraveled the demon, warping it into a temperance spirit. The ability for a [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] to convert a demon such as this intrigued the spirit, so it follows [[Akalar]], despite the group at large not generally adhering to its virtue as often as it would like. [[Akalar]] asked for it to assist through boons, the spirit tentatively agreed if [[Akalar]] continued exemplifying its virtue. [[Allunaris]] released the spirit.

[[Aksell]] asked the Queen if she would be willing to hear out [[Allunaris]]’s fragment. She agreed, revealing that she had visited the [[Founders|Founder]]’s gravesite again after they visited together, and that she had been able to get a modicum of control over the conversion her flames would experience. [[Aksell]] opened the book for [[Allunaris]] to speak. He asked why his powers resonated near her, and she explained what happened to her white fire magic when prodded by [[Nizima]] or [[Allunaris]]’s gravesite. At the mention of [[Allunaris]]’s tangible corpse, he grew quiet. He politely thanked the Queen and retreated into the book. After they left the Queen to her magic, he asked if they could visit the site at some point in the future. [[The Dragonguard]] promised him nothing. 

[[Vellir]] revealed the two vessels he had worked on for [[the Dragonguard]]’s battle. A galleon for the first leg of the battle, titled *[[The Paragon]]*, bearing blue sails with the golden sigil of [[the Dragonguard]]. The second was what [[Vellir]] called an [[Amanta|Amantan]] Kraken, a submersible that had been modified with metal appendages for breaching a ship. The metal tentacles would form a bridge once bored into an enemy vessel, allowing [[the Dragonguard]] to board a ship from below, stealthily evading other ships above. He explained the various jobs and needs of each vessel, and [[the Dragonguard]] opted to test the galleon first. 

[[The Dragonguard]] took *[[The Paragon]]* out to sea, their target a decommissioned ship with target dummies aboard. The group practiced with the cannons as well as boarding the ship to neutralize the enemy crew. Once the practice ship was neutralized, they returned to dock to board the Kraken.

Next, [[the Dragonguard]] boarded the Kraken, delving beneath the waves. On the way to their target ship, they encountered some ocean [[goblin|goblins]] that had apparently been lured with bait. The group fended them off, then bored the Kraken’s beak into the target vessel. Once aboard, they neutralized the crew, then disembarked back to the Kraken. 

Once they were back at the dock, they saw the vanguard of the [[blood-siren]] fleet officially setting out, several flying [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] above it. [[The Dragonguard]] boarded *[[The Paragon]]* and set out alongside Archmage [[Azel]]’s and [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]]’s vessels. As the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] neared, they group spotted [[Leo|the Red Dwarf]] flying overhead, a glowing red battleaxe in-hand, and eyes glowing red with malice…

