[[Aksell]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]] egg began to hatch, a [[Dragons|dragon]] with dark black tendrils waving around them. The [[Dragons|dragon]], [[Inavix]], had piercing green eyes. [[Accala]] translated the youngling’s thoughts, describing them as very poetic and introspective. [[Inavix]] clambered aboard [[Aksell]]’s shoulder for a better vantage point. 

Seemingly in response, [[Noctema]] began to glow across their chest, gaining a magical crest in the shape of [[the Dragonguard]], similar to [[Lumen]]. [[Noctema]] noted, and the group noticed as well, that the growth of the [[dragons]] continued to increase exponentially as their “fleet” grew. [[Noctema]] noted that it should not be long before they can take flight fully, and that they may even breathe fire soon.

Inside [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] proper, [[Corvus]] greeted them, changing out of the shape of a seagull. As they walked, the group caught [[Corvus]] up to speed on what transpired in [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], while [[Corvus]] explained that [[Sovier]] had planned a mission for them. She intended to have the group break the vanguard in a galleon, then strike out at their leadership from a submersible, but that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and the dwarven smith [[Vellir]] would tell them more. He told [[the Dragonguard]] [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Sovier]] were at [[Dieter]]’s palace preparing some specialty gear for their mission, but he advised them to resupply in the main square first. He also noted that they may wish to stop in with the townspeople to help increase morale. [[Corvus]] also mentioned that [[Mirina]] was in town, and she shared the information about his father that she had told them previously. [[Jemma Navitas|Jemma]] departed alongside [[Corvus]] to [[Dieter]]’s palace.

[[The Dragonguard]] stopped in the main [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] square where their journey first began, meeting various groups of townspeople out and about. They helped each person they came across as they could, greatly assisting the Navigans feel more secure about their prospects. After resupplying, they found [[Mirina]] sipping on a beverage nearby.

[[Mirina]] explained she had goods for them, but that they would have to earn them this time. She said she wished to visit her tower to retrieve a blood totem, which strengthened her [[blood magic]]. [[Mirina]] explained she had been unable to retrieve it after growing more antagonistic toward her father, and she can feel her magical barrier around the totem being attacked. She promised to reveal more when they arrived, and that it was time to truly be partners. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed and she whisked them away, one last time, to her tower.

There, they found a strange, cloaked man with a large ceramic vessel on his back. Several flying monstrosities and a flesh golem protected him. When he turned, they saw a man with several face piercings and glowing red eyes. He introduced himself as the Bloodsmith of [[The Red Inquisitor|the Inquisitor]], and requested that [[Mirina]] return home, for it was time to be “reintegrated”. He added that hers and her father’s power would be incomparable afterward. [[Mirina]] whispered to [[the Dragonguard]], warning them that the Bloodsmith was an extremely ancient and powerful blood mage her father trained himself. [[Amalia]] and [[Accala]] both felt a fragment of a memory click into place after hearing the term “reintegration”, recalling a very powerful blood mage from their world that was interested in the concept of integration, a master at combining individuals’ powers together, but they could recall little more beyond that. [[Amalia]] did recall, though, that the colors red and pink did seem important to the figure.

The Bloodsmith readied his [[blood magic]] and minions as [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Mirina]] drew their weapons. As they battled against the Bloodsmith, [[Mirina]] empowered them to summon her two followers by offering blood to their Patron Sigils. The Showman increased their morale, while the “Procurer” stole vitality from the Bloodsmith’s vessel. Surprisingly, the party recognized the Procurer as [[Arturo]] himself. He winked as he vanished after his successful pilfering. 

After slaying countless blood abominations, the group slew the Bloodsmith himself. [[Mirina]] huffed in exhaustion, lowered the barrier around her totem, and retrieved the stone and glass object. It held blood sloshing through it, and it resembled a question mark. It gave off a soft pink glow. [[Mirina]] said she always thought it was just a conduit for her [[blood magic]], but after hearing the Bloodsmith, there must be more to it. She then gestured toward the mysterious curtains, asking if they wished to see beyond them. The group readily agreed.

On the balcony, they saw only a starry night sky and a gray, dusty landscape. After her vagueness ceased being amusing, she revealed that they no longer walked on their own earth. They now stood on the moon itself. She explained that this was a tower adjoined to a much larger fortress as she walked them around the perimeter. They then saw the massive fortress sprawling across the landscape. It was mostly ruined, though small figures were rebuilding it with dark red stone. [[Mirina]] explained that she could only use her magic to teleport to her own tower, that the rest of the castle was protected. To storm it once they were ready, however, she explained they would be using a Mageron flying vessel. She went back to the Magerony not just for the Conclave, but to commission the magic components needed to make her gifted ship airborne. 

[[Mirina]] explained that old, forgotten, or perhaps purposefully destroyed, records reference a castle on the moon known as the “[[Temple of the Founders]]”, and she wondered if that and her father’s castle were one in the same. The group agreed that perhaps it would be best to bring together information from [[Mirina]], [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], and the [[The Rectifiers|former Rectifiers]] to perhaps complete the puzzle. 

[[Mirina]] gathered some precious gifts from [[Arturo]], as well as the paintings gifted to her from [[Alicia]], then teleported the group back to the Navigan market square…