The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] listened to [[Lokth]] as he explained that he received a letter detailing that [[Carla]] had been taken. The kidnappers promised that [[Carla]] would not be harmed “permanently” as long as the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] threw their Finale matches. [[Lokth]] added that he has had one of his scouts following [[Carla]] from a distance during the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]], and that the scout had a good lead on where she was being kept. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] did not even entertain leaving [[Carla]] to the kidnappers, so they agreed to help [[Lokth]] and met up with his scout just outside of a southern gate leading out of [[Illeta]].

The scout led them to a small village of [[Illeta]] for a short stroll on the plains. The village was mostly quiet as it was the middle of the night. The scout pointed out the two-story house where he believed [[Carla]] was being held. While casing the house to plan their rescue, the party agreed to have the scout standby in the village in case someone tried to flee, and they discovered a strange specter guarding the back door. The specter glowed green and gold, had a portly appearance, and seemed to be fiddling with bronze tokens on a table in front of it. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] opted to scale the side of the building and enter an unlit room on the second level. 

Once inside, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] found themselves in an empty bedroom. They snuck around the second level, finding a large bedroom with voices within, as well as another bedroom with light spilling out from beneath the door. [[Vespello]] and [[Arturo]] investigated the small bedroom first, finding a sleeping mage within. The mage had a wooden staff with an eye carved into the side. [[Arturo]] crept up to the mage while [[Vespello]] went for the staff. With lethal grace, [[Arturo]] quickly dispatched the mage with his dagger while [[Vespello]] snatched the staff to be safe. Once the mage’s blood had been spent, they noticed the gold-green light from the specter below fading. [[Vespello]] kept the mage’s staff while they regrouped to attack the main bedroom.

Once the doors were thrown open, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] found a handful of mercenaries, seemingly led by a female mage. This mage had a similar staff as the other. [[Carla]] was bound and gagged in a chair nearby. Talking went nowhere, so battle ensued. The mage used strange specter-like spells similar to the other mage who had summoned the portly specter, but the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] emerged victorious, not without the help of [[Carla]], who was freed by [[Gabriel]] in the midst of the fight. Though they tried to question a mercenary they kept alive, before he could reveal anything meaningful, his eyes melted into liquid silver and his body went limp. 

[[Lokth]]’s scout arrived to ensure [[Carla]] was unharmed, though she seemed annoyed by his presence. On the way back to [[Illeta]] proper, [[Carla]] explained she ventured toward the [[Mage Order]] of [[Illeta]] after the fourth day of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. She explained [[Avus]]’s amulet reminded her of a fairy tale her father used to tell her as a child. The fairy tale was from a strange book allegedly penned by former [[Thalend|King Thalend]]’s father, [[Tycustos Opopulus|Tyop]], or the strange name he is accredited with, [[Tycustos Opopulus]]. [[Carla]] explained [[Tycustos Opopulus|Tyop]] guarded the book with his life, claiming it was from the [[Second Doom]] and before, though all of its writings were in unknown languages. The legends from the [[Third Doom]] claimed [[Korrin]] and the Blood Heroes were able to translate a handful of the passages that helped them defeat the [[Allunaris|Doomking]]. [[Carla]] changed subject, saying she digressed, explaining that each city should have a copy of the same book, but she was ambushed in the Order’s library by the mercenaries. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] agreed to help [[Carla]] look into the book again after their first bout.

Once back at the [[Drunken Frond]], [[Carla]] was reunited with [[Lokth]]. They mentioned [[Carla]]’s fairy tale and book to [[Lokth]], who seemed angered that [[Carla]] shared that information with anyone else. He warned the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] that book is dangerous and to tread lightly. [[Carla]] elected to stay in the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]]’ suite. 

The group awoke the next morning to a bored knock on the door, which turned out to be [[Madison]], a member of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]]. She had bags under her eyes and seemed very uninterested in being there. She explained each group in the Grand Finale was assigned an escort from the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]], while one was escorted by [[Avus]]. After [[Madison]] had answered their questions tersely while enjoying several ales from their enchanted bar, she quickly began her escort.

Once they reached the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] plaza, [[Madison]] spotted [[Calathan]] with a group of five others. She mentioned to the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] that those five were their first match, she also added that [[Calathan]] was creepy. She didn’t expand much further but clearly had a dislike for the [[Magerony|Mageron]] man. 

After [[Madison]] left the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] with the other groups as she ascended to the VIP box, a member from the five [[Calathan]] escorted introduced himself. His name was [[Lyle]]. He had long black hair and a sword at his hip. He introduced each member of his own group, [[Raine]], a blue-haired pixie mage, [[Melody]], a pink-haired pixie mage, Hershel, a red-haired [[Humans|human]] wielding a sword and shield, and [[Crow]], a dark-haired man holding a bow. [[Lyle]] explained his group was known as the [[Mythic Tale]] and wished the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] good luck.

Once every group had been introduced to the crowd by [[Ronotte]], [[Ronotte]] told the first two combatants to ready themselves. After the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] and [[Mythic Tale]] had taken their positions, the battle began to the roaring applause of a full coliseum. 

The battle was harrowing, [[Mythic Tale]] using powerful magic and sleight-of-hand tricks. Eventually, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] emerged victorious. [[Mythic Tale]] were good sports, congratulating the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] as they exited the arena grounds. Once they were back in the coliseum tunnel, [[Carla]] met up with them to begin their trek to the [[Mage Order]] while the other groups finished round one…