Tenebrous turned to the [[Nighthawks]] after pushing [[Rusland]] into the magma. [[Arturo]] seemed to return to his own body, and some of the [[Nighthawks]] began drawing blades either in support of [[Rusland]] or of Tenebrous. Shadowy magma began to spew like geysers, coalescing dark magic around Tenebrous in answer of his offering. Tenebrous announced that henceforth he would be known as Tenebrous, God of Darkness, and that they would reshape the world as they saw fit, not as [[Rusland]] had. The hawk sigil of the [[Nighthawks]] warped and corrupted into batlike wings that [[the Dragonguard]] saw in the run-down, present-day remnants of the [[Nighthawks|Nighthawk]] base. 

After learning [[Rusland]]’s interpretation of the darkness and less savory means of acquiring wealth to help others, [[Arturo]] readied his own weapons to face off against Tenebrous. It seemed like the [[Nighthawks]] loyal to [[Rusland]] had gone from the magma chamber. [[The Dragonguard]] battled the newly crowned God of Darkness, finding he could truly wield the biting darkness and the shadowy magma of the mountain, as if he were a conductor of the shadow orchestra. Eventually, Tenebrous sent a wave of magic outward, sending [[the Dragonguard]] barreling off the edges, save for [[Arturo]]. [[The Dragonguard]] blown off the stone bridge found themselves back in present day. 

Tenebrous, seemingly near defeat, spat arrogance back at [[Arturo]], saying he hadn’t yet won. He let himself fall into the magma below, rising again in a pillar of black magma as an armored avatar of dark magic. Tenebrous grabbed [[Arturo]] in an oversized hand, nearly crushing his insides. He referred to [[Arturo]] as an “interloper” before tossing him into the magma below, the first sign Tenebrous showed of having known that [[Arturo]] did not belong in this time and place. The black magma rose up and met [[Arturo]] as his vision blackened. 

[[Arturo]] drifted in a sea of darkness, slowly bobbing amongst the waves. After several moments, he spotted the silhouette of an arm reaching up toward him from beneath the dark waves. Though he could not be sure if the grasp was friendly, he reached out to meet it. The two grasped one another by the forearms and pulled. 

The [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] saw [[Arturo]] return from the darkness with his arm still enveloped in a portal of it. He could feel a tug still on the other side, so he pulled. Through the dark, watery portal, [[Rusland]] stepped through, his [[Nighthawks|Nighthawk]] raiment covered in dark singes and soot. Quick-witted, [[Rusland]] took in his surroundings and pieced together that he was not in his own time. The Grand Agony also materialized out of [[Arturo]] once more, stating he had one final decision to make. The chain had been properly bound and anchored, so now he could choose what to do with it in the magma chamber below. [[Arturo]] and the Grand Agony ventured within on their own.

When [[Arturo]] returned, he revealed he chose to keep the Grand Agony as his companion, and the figure rematerialized once more with a glittering suit of pristine golden armor, matching [[Rusland]]’s half-mask. Lena the Archmage studied the figure for a moment to ensure the dark presence would not continue to endanger [[Amanta]] and announced that the chain and the Grand Agony no longer seemed anchored to the mountain itself. [[Harin]] also seemed satisfied. 

On the journey back to the city, [[Rusland]] spoke with [[Arturo]] about his plans upon returning to the new [[Amanta]]. He broached the idea of beginning the [[Nighthawks]] anew, in the vision he originally wanted, and wanted [[Arturo]] to be his right hand. [[Arturo]] accepted. [[Rusland]] explained he would take care of organizing the order in the city, but before he departed, he told [[Arturo]] to keep an eye on the horizon for white wings.

Back in the throne room to finish their hearing, [[the Dragonguard]] found a similar crowd, except that [[Calathan]] was now also not present. Before [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] could read her final verdict, she was yet again interrupted when the sealed throne room was opened. Knight-Captain [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] rushed in, alerting [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] that there had been a jailbreak. Her and [[Ronotte]] both seemed confused why it was such an urgent matter to retrieve them rather than handle it, but [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] explained it involved the VIP wing of the prison. The eyes of the Queensguard grew wide, and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] quickly got to her feet, taking [[Ronotte]] with her. On her way out of the throne room, she paused to consider for a moment, then summoned [[the Dragonguard]] and the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court to join her. The retinue took the light-disc to a lower level that contained the crown’s prison.

 In the prison, the [[White Flame knights]] present seemed to be wrapping up getting the loose prisoners under control. One knight stepped forward to give [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] a situation report, saying that only one prisoner was still missing. The knight was hesitant to keep speaking in front of [[the Dragonguard]], but [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] urged him to continue. The knight reported the missing prisoner was from the VIP wing. The group quickly made their way there. 

In the VIP wing, which only [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and the Queensguard had access to, the party found the only cell that was in use with a magical hole blasted through it. There were silver singe marks around the cracked glass. [[Ronotte]] revealed the prisoner that was in this cell was the former [[Nizima|King Zin]]. In [[Nizima|Zin]]’s cell, there were ominous eye etched into the cell walls. On the floor of the cell, the group spied a shattered vial with aged blood soaking the rug. The blood had the golden sparkle of the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] bloodline’s magic. [[Ronotte]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] were questioning of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] at first, before she offered to use the blood itself to give chase to their jailbreaker. Before [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] cast the spell, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] paused, looking around sternly. She merely asked [[Ronotte]], “Where is [[Calathan]]?”

With a possible suspect for the jailbreak, the group urged [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to warp them to the location where the ancient [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] blood took their quarry. 

After a short drift through [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s golden, glittering realm that could dance across great distances, the retinue arrived at a windy cliffside overlooking the Blacksmith Bay, [[the Blood Fog]] looming in the distance. The day was overcast, and a strong wind blew across the still-browned grass. A lone, crumbled watchtower lay a short walk away. Two figures awaited at the edge of the cliffside. [[Calathan]] stood with his blade drawn, former [[Nizima|King Zin]] knelt beside him, fear on his eyes. 

[[Calathan]] turned to face [[the Dragonguard]], the Crown, and the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court. Now that [[Calathan]] had revealed his true intentions, things about him stood out to [[the Dragonguard]]. The half of his face that had been burned when he and his Magerons attacked [[Greth]] in the past held his ashen hair and eye, [[the Dragonguard]] realized that these were not, in fact, results of the burn injuries, but perhaps the silver that [[Artlatta]] warned Undine about. His brandished blade that the group marveled at at the [[Festival of the White Flame]] stood out even more now: a polished blade with a silver [[Dragons|dragon]] winding its way around the crossguard and hilt. 

[[Calathan]] gloated briefly about how easy it was to infiltrate [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], even freely admitting he was an aged Mageron from the start. [[Ronotte]] commanded he release his blade, to which [[Ronotte]] agreed and drove his blade straight into the heart of former King [[Nizima|Zin]].

Everyone drew their weapons as [[Nizima|Zin]] crumpled over, blood leaking into the dead grass, but before any blades could be crossed, [[Nizima|Zin]] stirred. The leathery, frail skin of the former king flaked away like old paint, and his wispy hair strengthened into shiny silver strands. His muscles grew anew, and all age faded from his demeanor as he got to his feet. The preternatural wind [[the Dragonguard]] felt upon first hearing [[Nizima]]’s name grew stronger. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] began wincing in pain as her tattoo began to glow fiercely. [[Calathan]] dropped to his knee as [[Nizima|Zin]] fully rose and the ancient skin he was wearing faded away to reveal a spiraling tattoo of a [[Dragons|dragon]] along his arm, ending in a mighty [[Dragons|dragon]]’s head with two, glowing silver eyes.

[[Nizima|Zin]] then spoke in a voice that [[the Dragonguard]] last heard at the finale of the [[Festival of the White Flame]] tournament. He introduced himself fully as [[Nizima]], a [[Founders|Founder]] of the Magerony, returned to the world at last. He took the silver [[Dragons|dragon]] blade from where it lay, [[Calathan]] still remaining bowed. Finally, [[Nizima]] spoke to [[Calathan]], saying he did not expect it to be [[Calathan]], to which [[Calathan]] merely replied, “I know.” [[Nizima]] bade him rise as [[Calathan]] [[Nizima]], his son. 

[[Nizima]] tried offering positions at his side to [[the Dragonguard]] and the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court, though they were promptly rejected. [[Nizima]] even pulled [[Celeste|Aurora]] to the forefront with his magic to threaten that he can “see” more about her than even her closest friends knew. Though [[Nizima]] seemed dejected he could not sway his foes to his side, he stopped himself to say they should even the playing field before beginning their dance. [[Nizima]] summoned countless magic formula circles of silvery runes, one large one surrounding the entire cliffside. The earth itself then cracked in two, and [[the Dragonguard]], alongside the four Magerons in [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s inner circle, were pulled away from [[Nizima]] and [[Calathan]] standing against [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]], [[Corvus]], [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], and [[Ronotte]]. The four all drew their respective weapons and magic, their presences and strength near oppressive like more intense gravity. 

The four Magerons rushed to the cliffside to look for a way to reach the woman they were sworn to protect. [[Lambert]] spoke first, asking [[Sovier]] if she still had the single vial of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s blood to teleport back to the temple. When she said yes, [[Lambert]] asked to see it, apologized to her, then shattered the vial around her own palm. [[Sovier]] vanished in a flash of golden magic. 

[[Lhant]] fussed at [[Lambert]], asking why he sent away an ally when they clearly needed the numbers. [[Lambert]] stayed silent, then drew his own greatsword against his friends. He explained that [[Nizima]] proved he could pull the wrath demon he had formed a pact with out of his being. If he helped the [[Founders|Founder]] kill [[the Dragonguard]], he would finally be free. He lamented having to make the choice, saying he loved them all dearly, even [[the Dragonguard]], but that he could not live with the short temper, the anger, the demon for one day more. Sadly, he said that even if he fails, he’d be free either way. 

And so, [[Lambert]] Irallera faced off against [[the Dragonguard]] and two of his fellow inner circle. He empowered himself completely with his wrath demon, even losing the ability to understand what was said to him during the battle as his eyes burned with red rage. 

Finally, [[Lambert]] fell. He plunged his greatsword into the earth and leaned against it as his blood pooled on his chest. There was no anger, no bluntness as he spoke his last words. The wrath demon began to fade away in red mist, but it seemed it had delved so deep within [[Lambert]]’s being that the two could not exist without one another. As [[Lambert]] faded after saying his goodbyes, saying he hoped they beat [[Nizima]] in the end, only his greatsword remained. A small remnant of either [[Lambert]] or the demon, or perhaps both, lingered around the hilt in the form of a billowing red ribbon. The earth beneath his sword crystallized into rubies, holding the sword in place. 

[[Nizima]] seemed to notice the duel with [[Lambert]] had reached its conclusion, so he reunited the groups once again. [[The Dragonguard]]’s allies that squared off against the [[Founders|Founder]] and his seem seemed haggard, but the two father and son duo seemed relatively fresh. [[Nizima]] made one last offer as he continued to weave his magic with the silver circles. He offered [[the Dragonguard]] to become the Executors of [[Founders|the Founders]], joining [[Founders|Founder]] and [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] power together; he offered [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] to join their bloodlines, creating the most powerful beings, possibly even more so than [[Founders|the Founders]] themselves; and lastly, he offered [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] the opportunity to bring back her late husband [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] from the grave. 

Though [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] did not speak, the other offers were declined, and at last, [[Nizima]] revealed the purpose of the magic circles of silver runes. The earth itself rumbled as a gargantuan [[Dragons|dragon]] claw cut through the very fabric of reality in the center of the largest circle. A beast of a [[Dragons|dragon]], nearly the size of one of the minor peaks of the [[Altas Mountains]], crawled through, not dissimilar to [[Nerasang]]’s remnant [[[[the Dragonguard]]]] faced in [[Allunaris]]’s ring. The beast had shining silver spikes, horns, and scales, and their eyes burned with silver power. [[Nizima]] introduced the primordial [[Dragons|dragon]] as one of the first pair, [[Ager]], one of the original two that [[Founders|the Founders]] created with their infamous spell, the [[Drop of Creation]]. [[Ager]] burned the nearby air and clouds with his silver flames, the mages struggling to keep the fires at bay with their own. 

When the odds seemed most stacked against [[[[The Dragonguard]]|[[the Dragongua]]rd]] and their friends, Diluvia roared through the clouds above and spewed their enchanted water to stun a newly awake [[Ager]] and to extinguish some of the flames momentarily. Diluvia urged [[the Dragonguard]] to board. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] began to coalesce her golden magic to escape with her Court; [[Ronotte]] opened a portal of his night magic, having to break [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] out of her pensive glance that was far away. Before [[the Dragonguard]] escaped aboard Diluvia, [[Nizima]] spoke directly to [[Alicia]], telling her they had actually met previously. He said, at the time, he didn’t remember who he truly was, but during a public outing, his gaze met hers as an infant, and a drop of a drop of his own power went to her. He asked why she thought she could see deeper things in other people when their eyes met. [[Nizima]] laughed as his [[Dragons|dragon]] regained its power, spewing more licks of silver flame. 

[[The Dragonguard]] flew away aboard Diluvia as [[the Blood Fog]] parted, revealing a fleet of ships bearing a sigil of two [[dragons]] spiraling around a magic staff, all in silver… 