Behind the vault in this ancient memory of [[Amanta]], a greed demon had possessed the various treasures held within. The Grand Agony returned [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s four Magerons and [[Carla]] to [[the Dragonguard]] for assistance, not expecting there to be a demon infecting the bank vault. [[The Dragonguard]] and their friends dealt with the greed demon, and [[Arturo]] plucked a blue diamond from the maws of the creature, the first relic now secured.

[[Arturo]] decided he would gather all three relics from the memory-city. In the “depleted” mine, the party found countless diamond veins still remaining, being exploited for the governor’s personal benefit. Each [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] member swung a pickaxe at the veins, procuring a pouch of several dozen grain-sized diamonds. At the knight headquarters, [[Arturo]] pickpocketed from the Knight-Captain that frequently extorted his corrupt knights, the threat of reporting them a sword above their heads. [[Arturo]] now had a satchel full of coins plucked from the complicit Knight-Captain. 

With all three relics secured, [[Arturo]] and [[the Dragonguard]] continued to the chamber across the city. Inside the small cavern, there were two shrines. One appeared to be a kind of charity offering bowl bathed in golden torchlight, while the opposite had the appearance of [[the Dragonguard]] Manor fireplace, bathed in silver torchlight, with [[Arturo]]’s footlocker. [[Arturo]] opted to offer the three treasures to the charity dish, sacrificing the gold he may have received if he’d kept them. [[Arturo]] was gifted pieces of black-and-white armor, and a stone door opened to reveal the next trial of the Walk of Tenebrous.

The group found themselves in the courtyard of a hospital, still in an old memory of [[Amanta]]. [[Arturo]] could sense a fading wisp of life through an open window, just before it was extinguished, almost with a sigh of relief. A moment later, a man in black-and-white armor and robes, similar to the gear [[Arturo]] received, leapt from the window to escape. He wore a red sash around his waist and a golden half-mask over his face. It appeared this man had been the cause of the fading lifeforce being extinguished, for another person shouted from the window, pointing at the robed man. A group of guards began to chase after the man, and the Grand Agony advised [[Arturo]] he must choose who to stop. [[Arturo]] opted to interrupt the guards. 

After defeating the guards, [[the Dragonguard]] ventured behind the hospital to speak to the robed figure. He lowered his hood to reveal a young [[Humans|human]] with brown hair, just long enough to fashion a short ponytail in the back. He introduced himself as [[Rusland]], a member of a secret order known as the [[Nighthawks]]. [[Rusland]] explained their order wished to use the darkness for good, that he didn’t believe the perception that everything lurking within the shadows is evil. For helping him escape, [[Rusland]] gave [[Arturo]] a coin bearing a sigil of hawk wings behind a dagger stabbing into a gold coin. [[Rusland]] made his way from the hospital, and another gift of [[Nighthawks|Nighthawk]] armor for [[Arturo]] and a stone doorway appeared. 

In the third part of the Walk of Tenebrous, the group stood in Tenebrous’s Overlook, but again, in sometime in the past. The abandoned, faded village [[Harin]] and Lena brought them to still stood in this portion of the trial. A few dozen people dressed in similar garb to [[Rusland]] milled about the compound. White birds flew to and from the two watchtowers, messages tied to some of their legs. The [[Nighthawks]] were congregating at whatever lied beyond the thin passageway emanating heat, so [[Arturo]] led the group toward the commotion.

The passageway led deeper into the mountain until it opened into a cavernous opening with a singular stone bridge suspended over a deep chasm of dark magma. [[Rusland]] stood next to a similarly dressed figure, though he had long dark hair and a silver half mask. The two were considering the magma below, the other [[Nighthawks]] standing by as if they were waiting for a ritual to begin.

[[Rusland]] greeted [[Arturo]], saying he had hoped to see him again, revealing it had been years since the encounter at the hospital. [[Rusland]] explained the [[Nighthawks]] intended to harness the power of the shadows that lived beneath [[Amanta]], to use its power to change the world for good. He returned to the other figure, who he referred to as Tenebrous. The two discussed possible ideas to draw the power of the mountain out, but [[Rusland]] seemed to be out of ideas. 

Everyone present on the bridge began to slow as the Grand Agony once again revealed itself, telling [[Arturo]] he must now choose to inhabit the perspective of one of the two men in front of them. He would have to experience everything that was about to happen from one of their perspectives. [[Arturo]] discussed with the party for a moment before deciding to inhabit [[Rusland]]’s perspective for whatever was to come.

Time returned to its flow, and Tenebrous spoke with his dark, calm voice to say he knew what the mountain needed: an offering. Taking [[Rusland]] entirely by surprise with his betrayal, Tenebrous shoved [[Rusland]] off the bridge, sending him careening into the shadowy magma below…  