Through the night portal, [[the Dragonguard]] found themselves in the capital city of [[Amanta]]. As they delved into the mountain city, [[Ronotte]] described each level of the city, all containing gemstone motifs fitting their names: The [[Diamond Dwarvenium]], the main residential level housing the crystalline, glass castle the dwarves built for the crown; the Sapphire Atrium high near the summit of the mountain, a sightseeing level bathed in refracted light that leads to the [[Ancient Skies]], a site that was once the last refuge for the [[dragons]]; the [[Emerald Expanse]], the level largely housing mages and researches; and the Obsidian Depths, a fortress level that drew in adventurers and mercenaries to hunt the monsters beneath the mountain. 

Near the castle gates, [[Ronotte]] explained the presence of two groups of demonstrators peacefully raising their voices for two different movements. The first being supporters of [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] petitioning her to name an heir. The second gave [[the Dragonguard]] pause, for [[Ronotte]] described them as mages rallied by a man from [[Selina’s Blight]] that were claiming, “[[Allunaris]] could wield [[Dragons|dragon]] magic.” [[Akalar]] began to speak, about to inquire how [[Ronotte]] could possibly know that name and that he was the [[Allunaris|Doomking]], but [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] silently urged him to be silent with a finger to her lips. [[The Dragonguard]] waited until [[Ronotte]] had escorted them to a diplomatic tower of the castle to speak further. 

The group discussed their deepening distrust of [[Ronotte]], a man who knew too much and explained too little. With [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s help, the group convinced [[Corvus]] to transform into a mosquito in order to sneak into [[Ronotte]]’s nearby tower to see what he could find. When he returned, he shared a vision of a checklist he’d found with the help of a makeshift spell [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had made from [[Artlatta]]’s relic. The checklist had several completed items: “Meet with SK in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] before [[Illeta]]”, “approve Cal’s trip to [[Haven]] (Magerony defenses)”, “speak with [[Madison]] (public drinking; ‘stay kind’ written in the margin, underlined)”, and “[[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]”. Some space separated the list before the last item, still incomplete: “[[Riel]]”, underlined. [[The Dragonguard]] now knew that [[Ronotte]] had lied about not knowing [[Riel]] and had an interest in him himself. They decided they would try to seek out [[Riel]] after speaking with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and the court in the morning. For the rest of the evening, [[the Dragonguard]] prepared and polished their defense to present. 

In the throne room the following morning, the group was seated in front of [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] [[Artlatta]] on her throne with her Queensguard assembled in front of her, save for [[Madison]]. A man in spectacles sat on the far end with a small lectern in front of him recording notes. To their surprise, [[the Dragonguard]] also found Councilors [[Mira]], [[Annasia]], and [[Dieter]] alongside Knight-Captain Ilyas of [[Locations/Matar/Sulan/index|Sulan]] gathered in the pews to spectate the hearing. 

The spectacled man known as [[Harvey]] recounted the charges, and [[the Dragonguard]] explained their side of the adventure so far, using [[Artlatta]]’s memories to drive the point home. [[Calathan]] was largely the most skeptical of the crown, but even he could feel the preternatural winds on the air upon hearing [[Nizima]]’s name. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] was especially moved by [[Artlatta]]’s memories, the sights likely reminding her of her late husband [[Londo Artlatta]]. 

[[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] and her Queensguard discussed their various opinions, and she audibly asked the final say of each of them, only [[Calathan]] voicing the opinion it would be too risky to trust [[the Dragonguard]]. Before [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] could announce her decision, an elderly dwarven man burst into the throne room, tapping the marble floor with his walking cane. At his side was a young dwarven woman clad in mage’s robes, a shine in her eyes. 

[[Ronotte]] greeted the man as Councilor [[Harin]] of [[Amanta]], a glowing black ring befit [[Harin]]’s station on his hand. He was clearly holding back annoyance, asking [[Harin]] what was so urgent. [[Harin]] shared that the dark presence they had been searching for that went missing had recently returned to the city. Before he could explain further, the mage known as Lena rushed over to [[Arturo]], pointing at him, shouting that it was him. [[Harin]] asked [[Arturo]] if he had a dark relic, to which [[Arturo]] revealed the glowing chain Miri had “returned” to him. 

[[Harin]] politely requested from [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] that [[Arturo]] be turned over to him temporarily to dispel this dark presence, seemingly held within the chain. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] entertained the idea, saying it would be the perfect chance for [[the Dragonguard]] to prove their worth and loyalty, as well as to honor the hospitality of [[Harin]], who had allowed the crown and countless refugees move into his city when [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] was destroyed during the last crisis. [[Calathan]] shook his head in annoyance and departed the chamber. 

With the hearing adjourned for now, the group began to follow [[Harin]] and Lena out of the castle, but they were stopped in the antechamber, seemingly interrupting an argument between [[Calathan]] and [[Ronotte]]. Seeing the looks on their faces, [[Harin]] and Lena departed, saying they would meet [[the Dragonguard]] in the courtyard. 

[[Calathan]] began the argument anew, finding an audience to serve whatever purpose he had concocted beneficial. He repeatedly prodded at [[Ronotte]]’s relationship with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], questioning if his position as Lord of the Queensguard was compromised. [[The Dragonguard]] could see the skills befit [[Calathan]]’s title, Head of [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] Intelligence, landing blows on [[Ronotte]]’s composure exactly where they needed to land, his washed-out eye from his burns adding to the intensity. The group spied night-sky magic coalescing at [[Ronotte]]’s fingertips as his otherwise relaxed demeanor grew angrier and angrier. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] whispered, “Don’t,” under her breath, and almost as if he had heard her, [[Ronotte]] dispelled the magic. He slammed the wall near [[Calathan]]’s face, answering his question on why he stayed so close to [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s orbit by saying, “Because she’s my daughter\!” 

 The room found themselves stunned. [[Ronotte]] warned everyone present he would personal dismember each of them, adorning the crystal gates of the castle with each appendage, if the revelation left the antechamber. He returned to the throne room. After an awkward few minutes, even [[Calathan]] not expecting to hear what [[Ronotte]] had said, he bade [[the Dragonguard]] farewell. Finally, [[the Dragonguard]] followed [[Harin]] and Lena to the Obsidian Depths level to dispel whatever lurked within [[Arturo]]’s cursed chain. 

They took an enchanted disc that used light magic to spirit away the rider at supernatural speeds. In the outskirts of the Depths, the Mage and Knight Order had four discs, labeled “Level 5”, “Level 10”, “[[Greth]]’s Castle”, and “Tenebrous’s Overlook”. They took the disc labeled “Tenebrous’s Overlook”. 

At the Overlook, far below the mountain, they found old buildings in a different architectural style than [[Amanta]]. All the windows and most of the doors were simply open thresholds, as a passageway ahead emanated great heat. Colorful awnings and rugs covered the small village, though the threads had long since withered from age. Two watchtowers stood on each end, the hint of messenger birds having once lived there. 

Before the group could traverse very far into the abandoned village, their friends were shrouded in darkness, unresponsive to any stimuli. A great shadow emanated from within [[Arturo]], solidifying into a humanoid shape of shadows. The figure had two tall horns growing from its head, a mask of misty gold and silver, split perfectly down the middle. It spoke to [[Arturo]] with a deep voice, saying he would have to face the Walk of Tenebrous. Only through this Walk could [[Arturo]] make peace with his own darkness, and dispel the demonic figure in front of them, if he so chose. The demon introduced itself as the Grand Agony of Tenebrous, once a champion of the God of Darkness himself. The demon claimed it also was at war with itself, and [[Arturo]]’s choices during the Walk could decide what may be in store on the road ahead for everyone present. 

Once [[Arturo]] was ready, the Grand Agony transported them to a realm of misty memory, an ancient [[Amanta]] from an unknown time. The Grand Agony told [[Arturo]] his first trial would be to obtain any or all relics from three targets in the town: one of two Knights, the bank vault of the governor of the time, or the “depleted” mine closed by the governor. [[Arturo]] would then present any relics in a chamber across the city. 

[[Arturo]] opted for the bank vault first, so the party made their way to the ancient building and began to riddle through the enchanted locks of the vault door… 