[[[[The Dragonguard]]]] found [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] at near-completion of its rebuilding process. [[Celeste|Aurora]] noted in particular that whoever spearheaded the effort took great care in recreating the city almost perfectly as it once was. In the main market square that led straight to the palace perched atop the rocky cliff, [[the Dragonguard]] found that the old [[Bloodied Heroes]] statue, which had been destroyed when the city was attacked, had been replaced by one of [[the Rectifiers]] and [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]] facing off against [[Saren]] and his forces of [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. The regalia of the city had also been changed from the yellow sun on a white field to a yellow sun with red sunrays, rising on a white horizon. 

In the main square, the group ventured toward the blacksmith to sell and resupply, where they found a young man named Elias. Through their conversation, they found that Elias had once lived in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], and in fact recognized the name [[Celeste|Aurora]]. He seemed awestruck, leaving the negotiation to speak with [[Celeste|Aurora]]. The two had a kind reunion, though when Elias asked [[Celeste|Aurora]] if her sister [[Celeste]] had survived, she replied no. When she spoke unkindly of her sister [[Celeste]], Elias seemed taken aback, saying that though she may have been a bit cruel as a child, anyone deserves a second chance. The two agreed to meet again before [[the Dragonguard]] left [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]].

[[The Dragonguard]] finished their trip to the palace, where they found it nearly complete, but that it had gained three additional towers. Many materials and workers still milled about. At the gate, knights in similar garb as the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] advised the group that without an appointment with the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], the group would either have to offer a large donation to the rebuilding of the city or help resolve the issue of vandalism at the colosseum rebuild site. Though helping resolve a strange case of vandalism piqued their interest, [[the Dragonguard]] opted for the donation to gain an audience with the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] right away.

Inside the palace, the main throne room had been fully rebuilt. The councilor chairs sat empty, their enchanted fires still unenchanted. The throne sat empty. As they neared the throne, [[Sariel]] felt great pain. The group made their way to one of the three new towers to meet the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]].

In the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]]’s tower, the group found a furnished tower with very little personal decorations save for suits of the golden armor, weaponry, and countless trophies from tournament wins. The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] himself seemed rather aloof, but he was more than willing to join forces and assist [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] defeat [[Nizima]] and the Magerony. [[The Dragonguard]] danced around the conversation for a time, trying to learn more about the mysterious figure, noting that he seemed to have a close friendship with [[Ronotte]] and that he knew the names of [[Founders]]. He also seemed strangely respectful to [[Sariel]], calling her “royalty”, despite her family not being on the throne. Lastly, and perhaps most strangely, the band of [[Korrin]]’s crown seemed to resonate slightly in [[Vespello]]’s bags. 

The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] noted that in a couple days, he had a meeting arranged in the [[Mythical Forest]] with [[Duma Van|Councilor Duma Van]] and [[Ronotte]] to investigate [[Doom Magic|Doom]] activity in the forest. He agreed with [[the Dragonguard]] that the [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]] activity alongside this activity in the forest may not be coincidental. 

When the topic of [[Korrin]]’s Lab finally came up, the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] agreed to allow the group access, though he warned it was quite dangerous and had been quarantined. He would lower the quarantine to allow them entry, but he would reignite the cleansing flames once they were inside. [[The Dragonguard]] also had to agree to share any relevant information they gleaned from the lab, if, after all, they were to be allies with the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]].

The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] revealed a hidden passageway underneath the throne, a moldy breeze blowing from within. The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] escorted them downward, seemingly well beyond the grounds of the palace itself. Eventually, they arrived in an antechamber, the threshold of the lab being constantly bathed in dark red flames from crystals set in the stone. Through the flames, the group could see pulsating flesh trying to spread across the lab, only to be burned away by the flames. 

Though the site was quite horrifying, [[the Dragonguard]] rushed through onto the squishy, fleshy floor, the dark red flames erupting behind them. In the odd growths of flesh covering the metal walls and floor, the group found bones interspersed throughout. Some of the bones seemed draconic in nature. 

In the first lab proper, the group found flickering lights, shattered test tubes that seemed to once house large creatures, and shambling figures walking across the fleshy floor. The shambling figures seemed to have once been knights of [[Korrin]]’s Kingsguard, but they had long since been genetically mutated into overgrown husks. Two [[Dragons|dragon]]-like figures sat suspended in towers of flesh and bone, shattered glass of test tubes all around them. The [[dragons]] were immobile, but all four creatures attacked. 

[[The Dragonguard]] found that there had been electric safeguards set up to electrify the experiments, but they decided the switches were too unsafe and fought with their own armaments. Finally, [[Korrin]]’s first lab was neutralized, a bit of the flesh beginning to recede… 