A gangly, fleshy creature that [[the Dragonguard]] presumed was a shapechanger had broken down part of [[Cento]]’s fence. The creature immediately shapeshifted into the shape of a [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] [[minotaur]], known as an ogre. As [[the Dragonguard]] waged battle against the creature, it changed shape yet again into the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] himself. The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] form dashed across the battlefield with grace, but the creature yet again changed into the shape of a dwarven Great Hunter, a warrior during the time of the event known as the Great Hunt, where the [[dragons]] were driven to near-extinction. Once the Great Hunter had been defeated, the creature lost its various shapes and reverted back to its corrupted, almost-[[Humans|human]] shape. 

Before [[the Dragonguard]] could celebrate their victory, countless shapechangers began to lurk in the woods nearby, all encroaching upon the group. They noticed a silhouette in the sky, and [[Vespello]] fired his mystical flare of light into the sky, illuminating the entire nearby forest on the mountainside. The silhouette swooped down, revealing themselves as Diluvia. The group clambered aboard to escape, hoping [[Cento]] would survive the creatures. 

Diluvia reported they had found the site of the battle but could not find the other piece of Undine’s trident. They would continue searching, but they wished to ferry the group to their more pressing destinations first. [[The Dragonguard]] discussed their next destination, deciding to land in the forests near [[Barba]] and take a river vessel to [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] as to not frighten any populaces. Diluvia descended into the forests near the trading center of [[Barba]] so [[the Dragonguard]] could disembark.

After disembarking, the group at last reunited with [[Mirina]], who told them she wished for their help to break away from her father, but she needed the entire group bound to her with her magic. [[Aksell]] agreed to become her final patron. The group traded with [[Mirina]] and returned to the forest near [[Barba]]. At the entrance to the city, two Golden Wreath Knights awarded the group with river ferry vouchers, a gift from Councilor Orlus for their heroics. With directions to the riverside docks, [[the Dragonguard]] entered the city to resupply and travel to [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. 

In [[Barba]] itself, the group found a city that seemed to live, thrive, and trade at all hours of the day and night. They noticed a strange, heavy presence of Golden Wreath Knights and Mages patrolling the city, as well as a strange lack of impoverished citizens, or even lower income residential areas. There were a few [[White Flame Knights]] that [[the Dragonguard]] spoke to, asking why [[Barba]] operated this way. The Knights shared that the councilor, Orlus, had long since been suspected of trading illegal arms, sometimes to both sides of several conflicts, but that they could never find evidence. The knights also warned the group to make sure their river captain steered away from the waterlogged temple along the river to [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]…