[[The Dragonguard]] delved into [[Korrin]]’s second lab, even deeper underneath the city of [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. There, they found a laboratory dedicated to the research of lightning and the lightning god himself, Voltaire. [[Amalia]] found three journal entries that had survived some electrocution. They spoke of the [[Dragons|dragon]] experiment being a failure and [[Selina]] being too interested, a second stating that Voltaire was too volatile to test and that [[Korrin]] had sealed him back to his realm, and a final note stating he would ‘Find another way’. 

Entry to the next lab was sealed by an electric apparatus connected with copper wires. A centralized orb would send electricity to the sealed door based on the order in which several nodes surrounding the orb were activated. After some trial and error to discover the strength of the currents, [[the Dragonguard]] had the correct amount of electricity sent to the door to unlock [[Korrin]]’s third laboratory. 

The third laboratory was bathed in light and darkness. A primordial seed of each element grew in each half of the room, while on the far side, two figures of immense height and stature stood, looming. One was a cloaked man, bathed in black, wielding a dark scythe. The other was a woman veiled in white, a singular eye peering from beneath the veil. They called themselves the Aspect of All-Encompassing Death and the Aspect of Neverending Life. Though they were at odds with another, they sought the gift the [[Sarah|Stewardess]] had given [[Sariel]]. [[Sariel]] warned [[the Dragonguard]] the gift could only truly be used once, and they would need it for their journey. The group learned that [[Korrin]] had trifled with Lucien and Tenebrous, and now his experiments had been left unattended and allowed to grow uncontrolled. [[The Dragonguard]] bravely faced the two figures, using the seeds of darkness and light to empower their beings enough to damage the creatures. After a complex battle, [[the Dragonguard]] expelled both beings out of the lab… 