At the bottom of [[Korrin]]’s lab, [[the Dragonguard]] found a figure frozen in ice, gilded in glowing magic, not dissimilar to that found in the [[Scarlet Temple]] when Galileo attacked. Inside the ice was a woman with golden eyes clutching a satchel and a glowing journal. A sword with a silver [[Dragons|dragon]] hilt was driven into her midsection. 

[[Sariel]] fell to her knees, tears welling, explaining that the figure before them was the presumed-dead [[Aura|Queen Aura]]. They surmised that [[Nizima|Zin]] must have tried to kill the Queen, but something or someone intervened and did what they saw before them. 

[[Sariel]] then revealed the gift from the [[Sarah|Stewardess]] was a one-time castable spell that would “purify” death, or possibly stop death. She said she intended to use the gift to expel [[Selina]]’s dark, [[Selina|Doomqueen]] soul shard that still lingered somewhere, but that she would have no choice but to save [[Aura]]. [[Sariel]] had raised [[Aura]] in secret atop the [[Ancient Skies]], and though she was born of [[Korrin]] and [[Sarah]], [[Sariel]] considered her her own daughter. With a hint of laughter at the cruel irony, [[Sariel]] explained the spell would cost her life to cast. [[Sariel]] wished for [[the Dragonguard]] not to tell [[Aura]] what she’d done to save her, for the Queen would never forgive her. She also asked them to tell [[Selina]], should they find her, that wherever she would go after death, it wouldn’t be home until she got there. With her final words spoken, [[Sariel]] fired her intensely burning white spell toward her de facto daughter. The ice shattered, and a masculine voice on the wind whispered the phrase, “May the Blood of your Bone ignite the Path,” before it faded as well. [[Sariel]] collapsed and [[Aura]] was reanimated. [[Nizima]]’s blade and [[Sariel]]’s staff clattered to the floor.

In meeting [[Aura|Queen Aura]], [[the Dragonguard]] learned she had amnesia, at least for her own identity. She recalled [[Korrin]]’s research and that her husband had tried to kill her, but she did not recall being [[Aura]] nor Queen. [[Aura]] knew that [[Korrin]] wished for the next group of heroes that bore the golden, powerful magic, the opposite of [[Doom Magic|Doom]], to have his journal and the satchel she carried. The journal was filled with encrypted spells, and the satchel contained two [[Dragons|dragon]] eggs. The egg resembling starlit darkness, known as [[Noctema]], gravitated toward [[Vespello]], while the gilded egg known as Valuta gravitated toward [[Arturo]]. [[Aura]] agreed to [[the Dragonguard]]’s plan to keep her identity secret as she doffed her golden crown. [[Aksell]] carried [[Sariel]] as the group ascended back toward [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]].

The group found the burning quarantine already dispelled, but instead of the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] awaiting them, they found Lord of the Queensguard [[Ronotte]]. He greeted them, explaining he had been asked to keep an eye out, but that the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] would return. [[Ronotte]] was shocked at the dead body they carried as well as the now-returned Queen. After examining [[Sariel]], he commended [[the Dragonguard]] on a job well-done before using his power to lull the entire group into a deep sleep…