[[The Dragonguard]] awoke outside the [[Ancient Skies]]. The skies were clear, and the tower was completely stabilized. Golden lights emanated from the higher levels, though the unstable, chromatic light emanated from the bottommost floor. Upon seeing them return, Knight-Captain [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] rushed over to speak with the group from the nearby outpost of archaeologists and caretakers for the [[Ancient Skies]]. 

The group learned it had been a few days since they entered the tower, and that their allies had each gone to their respective corners of the world to gather information on enemy movements. They were requested to rendezvous back in [[Amanta]] in a few days’ time. [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] also informed the group he was being stationed as interim councilor of [[Locations/Matar/Merca/index|Merca]], after the city had failed to appoint a new councilor after the roguish [[Goldtooth]] had been deposed, and they had failed to respond to their urgent letters regarding [[Nizima]]’s arrival. Diluvia joined the group from the skies mid-conversation as well, reporting that there was no sign of [[Ager]] on the northern horizon, and that the fleet still lurked just outside [[the Blood Fog]], likely helping [[Ager]] recover. 

[[Sariel]] brought up the idea of traversing down Dragonhunt Pass, a sealed road just off the mountainside, guarded by the small portion of city that housed the archaeologists and caretakers, to hunt down [[Korrin]]’s crown. [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] warned the group that the road had been shut for years, and that it housed dangerous nomads as well as mysterious beasts known as shapechangers that drive every traveler mad, if they even return. The group bid their farewell to [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]], sent Diluvia to the [[Gulf of Blackharpe]] to search the depths for the other portion of Undine’s trident, and made their way to the last bit of [[Amanta|Amantan]] civilization before the Dragonhunt Pass. 

Once they had resupplied and received rations from some of the [[White Flame knights]], they were allowed beyond the outpost’s walls to the Pass. The doors were quickly shut behind them. The group traversed the snowy pass with its rarely traveled path between the countless pines. 

The group first came upon a ramshackle tavern with nomads clinging around a small fire. They wore tattered clothing, but bore shining, gilded weapons, the weapons much too oversized for everyday use. The nomads seemed to have been driven mad from living near shapechangers for too long and attacked the group relentlessly. Believing the leader to be a shapechanger himself, [[Akalar]] dealt a lethal blow to the ice mage. To his horror, the man did not appear to be a shapechanger. [[The Dragonguard]] rendered the rest of the group unconscious. Upon investigation, the group discovered the fallen nomad was in fact an untouched [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] [[Humans|human]], ice magic flowing purely through his veins. The group decided to leave some of their rations for the remaining nomads, [[Akalar]] struggled with what he had done, and the group ventured farther down the mountain pass. 

They came across a homely cabin, smoke billowing out of its chimney. As they were cautious with visions that seemed too good to be true given the nature of [[Korrin]]’s crown, which could bend the perception of those under its spell. Part of [[the Dragonguard]] stealthily approached the cabin but found no enemies about. They merely saw a single silhouette pacing about the cabin. The group decided to knock at the door. 

In the cabin, they met the kindly old painter, [[Cento]], whom they had heard referenced during the [[Festival of the White Flame]]. [[Cento]] was apparently a master artist; a man that had secluded himself to the mountainside with his masterful, painted vistas. What [[the Dragonguard]] found, however, was a man that had apparently lost his sight, with seven blank canvases hanging atop his mantle. He revered the blank canvases, too, claiming they were his “masterpieces”. [[The Dragonguard]] presumed the man had been driven mad, and had even possibly lost his true sight due to the crown’s influence. 

[[Cento]] kept flinching at the cracking of twigs of rustling outside, so [[the Dragonguard]] offered to investigate the back yard. They found a small yard, the thick pine forest kept at bay by a small half-fence. In the dead center of the snowy yard was a patch of verdant green grass and flowers, with a black band of metal waiting. [[Sariel]] recognized it as the band portion of [[Korrin]]’s crown, and she surmised perhaps the teleportation spell he tried to use had fractured the crown.

[[The Dragonguard]] was cautious with the crown, some feeling intense waves of dread if they tried to approach. Finally, [[Vespello]] tried donning Protection, the necklace that [[Sarah]] had gifted them, which allowed him to safely bear the crown. In doing so, [[Vespello]] had reversed an [[ebonyborn]] vision of his own death, materializing a single black flame: his [[ebonyborn]] artifact. Before the group could process what had happened, a loud crack of the fence sounded at the opposite end of the yard…  