[[The Dragonguard]] introduced themselves to the river crew of four that would take them through the wooded river toward [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. The woman, seemingly the captain, accepted the vouchers and had [[[[The Dragonguard]]|[[the Dragongua]]rd]] take their seats. When asked about the waterlogged temple, she said locals called it the “Drowned Temple”, and that they would certainly be avoiding it.

After a short time down the river, the sound of a waterfall overtook the flowing of the river itself. Though the captain tried to keep everyone calm, the three other crewmen called out for assistance as they readied grappling hooks. [[The Dragonguard]] helped in preparing the hooks and tossing them to the shoreline to avoid the waterfall, but it seemed that the pull of the falls was too strong. Just at the last moment, [[Amalia]] conjured a wall of crystals to block the boat from flowing down the falls, allowing the crew and [[the Dragonguard]] to pull the boat to the safer fork. The group took their seats again to rest after narrowly avoiding the Drowned Temple.

They spoke with [[Sariel]] about her timeline sickness, where she explained that her mind was “cutting away the fat” of the other timelines she had hopped across, anchoring her back to this world. When asked, she explained the only way to solve the sickness was to suffer through it, or to hop to another world, much like a withdrawal. 

The captain then explained the existence of another temple along their path, one of rumored treasure, called the Glittering Temple, though it was swarmed by a subspecies of [[goblin|goblins]] called dracolins. They came to a fork in the river, one leading toward the clearing for which they were headed, while the other cut straight through the Glittering Temple. The captain offered [[the Dragonguard]] a deal: to sail through the temple, grabbing what they could, while [[the Dragonguard]] fended off the acid-spitting dracolins. [[The Dragonguard]] discussed the morality of stealing from the [[goblin]] subspecies, with [[Celeste|Aurora]] and [[Alicia]] abstaining, but the group agreed in the end. 

They sailed through the temple, grabbing what treasure they could from the embankments, while fending off against the acid and flames of the [[Dragons|dragon]]-like [[goblin]] subspecies. [[The Dragonguard]] and the crew of the river vessel made it through the temple weighed down much heavier by their treasure and having only killed a small number of the dracolins.

As the morning rays began to cut through the canopy of leaves, the vessel arrived at the small river mouth that ended in a small pond in the woods near [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. The white walls of the city were just in view. The captain, Emma, advised the group that the main road was a short stroll away, but that there was a more discreet path through a forest clearing toward [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. [[Amalia]] also sensed intense lightning magic emanating from the clearing, so the group opted to stroll toward that path.

In the clearing, [[the Dragonguard]] spotted a small group of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], all bearing the three-pointed star of the retinue they faced in the [[Scarlet Temple]]. The entire clearing pulsed with lightning magic, and the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] seemed to be digging for something. The leader, issuing orders to his acolytes, asked whomever was sneaking about to show themselves, so [[the Dragonguard]] stepped forward.

They spoke with this new Starseeker, who wished to avenge his friends that were killed in the [[Scarlet Temple]]. He also explained his desire to revive [[Selina|Queen Selina]], but in her “purified” form. [[Sariel]] explained that [[Selina]] had split her remnants into at least two relics, one of which was used to revive her during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]]. The other relic, which held her [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] essence, had an unknown location. [[Sariel]] also explained that [[Korrin]] once strolled this section of woods and had trifled heavily with the lightning god. She warned the group to be careful with the magic of the lightning god. 

[[Allunaris]]’s voice also began to speak through the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] Book into [[Vespello]]’s mind. He was extremely displeased by the Loyalists, claiming they had corrupted his power. He wished for the group to slaughter the Loyalists and allow him to search their corpses for the source of their “corrupted” [[Doom magic]]. The group was wary to follow [[Allunaris]]’s wishes, knowing he would be scheming for his own ends.

Before they could discuss any further, the Starseeker seemed to notice the [[Doom magic]] within the book, saying he would very much like to retrieve the source of the magic. The man waved his [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] hand and [[the Dragonguard]] felt an intense wave of magic slam down upon them, pressing them to the ground, as if gravity itself had increased in strength. The Starseeker introduced himself as Newton, and that he would have their magic as well as his retribution…