[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] showed they were no threat to the armored men patrolling down the stone road, and they learned these people were former residents of the village they spotted earlier, Veterina. The men offered refuge for the evening in their own outpost, and also mentioned they might be able to help, if they were willing. They said [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] could try to talk to their Chief, who had his differences with the Sage of Veterina that caused a split, though the men stayed fairly vague on the walk to the outpost. 

In the outpost, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] found a small settlement of [[humans]]. They glanced toward [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] as outsiders, but none of them were unkind in doing so. Their guides led them to a longhouse that seemed to serve as an inn, a tavern, and a town hall all at once. Before going to the head table seating the Chief, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] spoke to a few more townspeople. They were proud to be a part of Veterina, but they explained the Chief and Sage had different opinions on how to deal with the outside world, or the “kingdom”. The Chief wished to join the wider world, while the Sage wished to stay secluded. They added that the Sage thinks anyone that spends too long in the “kingdom” gets what he calls a “blood sickness” that leads them to armor, arms, bloodshed, etcetera. 

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] then met the Chief, whose name was Branagh. He had fairly tanned skin and appeared to be the only [[Elves|elf]] they had seen in this offshoot of Veterina. He explained that the Sage was his brother and that their village was older than most other settlements in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. Branagh revealed that he was in fact a [[Humans|human]], but a [[Humans|human]] before the Magerony arrived and changed everything. His veins and irises seemed to have fire magic itself flowing through them, and he had elven ears. Though he was clear [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] owed them nothing, he promised help getting to the [[Scarlet Temple]] if he could resolve Veterina’s differences, one way or another. He mentioned his brother, Anderson the Sage, once had a wife with child that left to see the world, and he thought Anderson was hiding something from him. Branagh said one of those two points may get him to see reason. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] agreed, rested, then set out the next day to Veterina proper. 

In Veterina proper, [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] were cautiously escorted to the Sage’s building. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] noted that everyone they spoke to in Veterina seemed to have severe bags under their eyes, including the Sage. There was also very little activity in town, despite being the middle of the day. Inside the Sage’s building, they found another tanned man with similar features as Branagh, though he seemed to have water flowing through his veins and irises versus fire.

Anderson was much more reserved and calmer than his brother, and he explained that he and his brother could very well be the last of what [[humans]] used to be. Anderson explained that his people were experimented on by the Magerony, some fought back, and some gave in to subjugation. He finished by adding that the Magerony was “thorough”. He said most of this knowledge was passed on through his family, and that he was as old as he appeared. After being allowed to see the Relic of Undine [[Vespello|Lette]] possessed, Anderson offered [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] an option. He explained there was a glade nearby with a strong evil presence. If [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] could deal with this presence, Anderson would agree to meet with his brother. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] quickly agreed, and the Sage magically passed the location of the glade to [[Celeste|Aurora]]. The Sage returned to his meditation, and [[Celeste|Aurora]] led the way to the glade.

On the way to the glade, [[Mirina]] summoned [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to her storefront. Instead of the drab stone cellar, they instead were transported to pink marble room atop a tower. Silk curtains kept out the night breeze, but they could see the hint of countless stars. After some deliberation, the group decided to purchase a necklace that would allow them to detect [[Founders|Founder]] blood, of any dilution, in their immediate area. In return, [[Mirina]] claimed [[Alicia]] as another patron, materializing a pink question mark tattoo on her right arm. [[Mirina]] returned the party back to the forest.

When [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] arrived in the glade, they found the decrepit remains of a tree with a hollow going much deeper than it should have. Most of the surrounding vegetation had died, and the party felt an unfriendly presence. Though they were cautious, they all fell into the seemingly bottomless abyss in the tree hollow. 

They awoke in a strange realm with a gangly, tall figure before them. The demonic creature had a fleshy head shaped like a crescent moon, a single eye adorning it, and a fleshy mouth dripping with globs of skin. It had much too long appendages, wore a long purple coat, and spoke with a droning, calming voice. It begged them to sleep, rest eternal here in this realm. They saw their own bodies asleep in beds in the realm. In the far, unreachable distance, they saw flames of purple-brown cracking with similar lightning. They tried to approach their own bodies, much to the chagrin of the demon, and they saw strange dreams within their own minds. 

For [[Vespello|Lette]]: a port city with buildings taller than ever before seen, people with stark black skin flying across the night sky on enchanted broomsticks, and lavish magi-technology. They were drawn to a room several floors high in one of the tall buildings. They saw the warlord that had been lurking in [[Vespello|Lette]]’s dreams, living with a woman that was the race of the locals in this odd city. The woman held a wrapped bundle in her arms, which called toward [[Vespello|Lette]]. The demonic creature goaded [[Vespello|Lette]], but he resisted, instead flying toward the warlord’s ring. He was freed from the demon’s clutches, and one of the distant flames went out.

For [[Alicia]]: The party saw a vision of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], many of their friends and allies, though they looked a bit older. Several [[The Dragonguard|Paragon]] plaques adorned the main fountain, and a statue of [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] triumphantly standing atop a shapeless humanoid with glowing silver eyes stood near the main plaza. [[Alicia]] was drawn to this bright future by the demonic voice, but she also resisted and instead glided toward a distant tower in the night sky. When she arrived, there was a flash of magnificent paintings and raven feathers. [[Alicia]] was also freed from the dream-nightmare, and another flame went out. 

[[Akalar]] was hesitant on delving into his dream, fearing he would choose not to wake up from it, so the party decided to let [[Celeste|Aurora]] extinguish the final flame. For [[Celeste|Aurora]]: [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] were in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. A never-destroyed [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], with the late, former Lord of the Kingsguard, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], ruling as King alongside [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]]. They were drawn to a [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] noble’s courtyard, spotting a younger [[Avus]] chaperoning several teenaged children. They saw a blonde girl sitting alone on a stool, a book on her lap, and she resembled a younger [[Celeste|Aurora]]. They also spotted a couple by a small pond, one of them a young lad, the other another young blonde woman that also resembled a young [[Celeste|Aurora]]: twin siblings. The couple sneaked off to a tree in the shade to share a kiss, and [[Celeste|Aurora]] was drawn to her own body in the dream, the demon’s voice begging her to just sleep here forever. [[Celeste|Aurora]] showed immense sadness at the sibling with the young lad, pain and regret in her voice. She resisted the demon’s call and flew toward [[Avus]]’s sword. Before [[Celeste|Aurora]] was freed from the false dream, a flash of the attack on [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] during the [[Saren|Harbinger]] Threat appeared, showing [[Avus]] fleeing in terror instead of protecting his charges. The final flame in the dream-realm extinguished. The demon screamed in agony and anger before it was dispelled entirely. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] awoke back in their own world, lying in the grass in the glade. The vegetation returned to its verdant hue, and the unfriendly presence was gone.

Back at Veterina, they found Branagh and Anderson already speaking amicably. It seemed as though Anderson and his townspeople had finally fully awoken. Branagh announced that Veterina would indeed be joining the world again, and he would be petitioning for it to become a proper city in the kingdom. Anderson also announced he would be venturing out into the world to find his wife and child. As they thanked [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]], Branagh and Anderson heard armored knights approaching. Branagh quickly led [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to a nearby cellar to hide. Anderson and his advisor delayed the knights, who were out searching for [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]]. Through not-so-subtle hints while speaking to the knights, Anderson got the party to hold the cellar door shut, then to guide them to a hidden tunnel in the cellar that would lead back into the forest. Branagh led the way, as he would be their guide to the [[Scarlet Temple]].

They spent the remainder of the day following Branagh as he cut through the thick brush using his fire magic. When they finally emerged at the top of a tall hill overlooking the massive temple, a woman’s voice crept onto the hill. She asked, “Well, well, what have we here?”…