[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] slowly regained consciousness, finding themselves in the back of a covered carriage traveling through a wooded area. The cart seemed to have a charm placed over it, preventing them from hearing the muffled voices without clearly. After a few minutes of getting their bearings, the carriage came to a stop and a knight opened the doors.

They learned this knight was named [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]]. [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] had long orange hair, a thick beard, and brown eyes. He wore elegant white armor, alongside his men. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] learned that [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] was once the Knight-Captain of [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], but since the city was destroyed, he has simply been working for [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] directly. [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] treated [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] with respect and kindness, telling them [[Ronotte]]’s magic allowed him to “sleepwalk” [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to a certain degree, keeping their muscles active, feeding them, giving them water, etc. 

While the group rested momentarily in a clearing, [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] told [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] intended on proposing to the councilors to create a Knight Order of the Crown, but that was now uncertain with the events at the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. When asked, [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] seemed unsure if he wanted to be the Knight-Captain for such an order, or if he wanted to go home to [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] once it was rebuilt. 

[[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] also explained that [[Calathan]] orchestrated a show of publicly escorting the “[[The Dragonguard|Paragons]]” onboard [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s massive galleon, but while that happened, [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] and his men took the real [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] in secret by road. He explained that they would travel by horse to [[Amanta]]. After he had shared some of his food with [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]], they strolled back to the carriage to continue their journey.

Only a short way into their long trek, a strange sizzling noise and rumbling began in the trees. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] heard [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] and his men shouting orders. Then, they saw bolts of golden fire whizzing by through the windows. Some struck the carriage, destroying the magic charm over it. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] heard [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] command the other carriages in his party to take point and ride ahead. He then said to his riding partner to keep going, no matter what. The partner seemed confused, but [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] heard the sound of a sword being drawn and boots stepping on the carriage. The sound of metal on metal sounded, and [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] felt the carriage come apart from the horses, the front-end slam into the ground, and the carriage slide to a halt. They heard [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] hop onto the road and start pacing just outside the door. They heard footsteps emerge from the woods. 

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] heard [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] begin a duel with someone drawing a slender blade. Though [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] demanded the person’s identity, the assailant did not answer. After some more blasts of golden fire from the attacker, some struck the carriage, burning the doors away enough for [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to kick their way free. Once they were free, they saw a cloaked figure in dark leathers, wielding a rapier, with throwing knives strapped across his chest. His cape had dark feathers adorning the shoulders. The attacker glanced their way, and they saw his odd green-gold eyes with a near animalistic, slitted pupil. He wore a glove on his right hand. He commanded to [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] to stay put. 

The attacker disarmed [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] and was near to killing him, though the way he spoke to [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] was not unkind. [[Celeste|Aurora]] rushed the attacker, though she was tossed to the ground, again, not unkindly. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] convinced the man to spare [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]], though he warned them his “mistress” would not be happy they allowed a witness to live. He also warned [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] their journey would be much more difficult this way. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] stood firm in their position, so the figure ungloved his right hand, drew some of his own blood, and warped two of his fingers into a clawed shape. The hint of what looked like a sprawling tattoo on his arm poked out from his sleeve. Once [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] was slashed by the man’s clawed fingers, he drifted to sleep. 

The attacker introduced himself as [[Corvus|Corvus Agianile]] as he put his glove back on. He spoke with [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] as they left the road for a clearing to talk in private. [[Corvus]] explained he was from The Solstice Magerony, the country of mage-lords to the far north. [[Corvus]] said their magic differed from Matarans in that Matarans draw their power from the earth itself, while Magerons draw their power from blood. He explained that his country truly united long ago under seven figures known as [[Founders|the Founders]]. These mages were extremely powerful and were the first to learn that their magic could be even stronger using other peoples’ blood. In their insatiable lust for more power, they killed their own countrymen, enslaved [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], warped races they found in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] to their will, and even tried their hand at creating life itself. [[Corvus]] seemed cloudy on details, but he said [[Founders|the Founders]] created some sort of relic called the [[Drop of Creation]] which allowed them to create two winged beasts known as [[dragons]]. Ominously, [[Corvus]] said this act drew the attention of a fell, almost cosmic force known as the [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. He finished by saying [[Founders|the Founders]] eventually vanished one-by-one, until they were no longer running the Magerony. [[Corvus]] said his country has those that wish to bring about the days of [[Founders|the Founders]] again, but that he and his mistress disagree. He added that they left the Magerony nearly ten years ago to set up base in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] and keep an eye out for the Loyalists. He said there were no hints of Magerony movement until the Silver-Eyed Figure appeared at the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. 

While he explained the Magerony to [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]], [[Corvus]] had been preparing a chromatic gemstone with magic. He said the stone would allow them to craft basic weapons without expending their energy. [[Corvus]] told [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] it was always their choice, but that his mistress wished to meet with them and join forces against the impending Magerony threat. He wished them luck, pointing them toward the [[Scarlet Temple]] deeper in the forest. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] delved deeper in the woods once [[Corvus]] departed, feeling a strong magic presence approaching.

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] began to hunt out the magical creatures [[Corvus]] had told them about, now that [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]’s magic was able to flow freer, to find raw materials to craft weapons. After dispatching a few enchanted stumps of wood, they gathered the materials and found a strange chest embedded in a log. Inside, there were more packages from the strange benefactor, though they were addressed with fine pink calligraphy. [[Celeste|Aurora]] in particular was given an odd pendant adorned with a glowing pink jewel. Once [[Celeste|Aurora]] put on the pendant, the party was transported to a strange room.

The room in which [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] landed was a barren stone room with a wooden platform. Far below the wooden platform was a stagnant body of gray water. There were no windows or doors. As they looked for something of interest, they felt a presence approaching. With a flash of pink smoke, a blonde woman wearing a twin-pointed witch’s hat and a row of spellbooks at her belt appeared. She had near-glowing pink eyes and a sly undertone smoldering beneath them. She introduced herself, with very exaggerated, dramatic gestures, as [[Mirina]], though her official title was Daughter of [[The Red Inquisitor|the Inquisitor]]. She added that they never call her that, however, and that they simply call her Miri, except for [[Arturo]], for whom she seemed to harbor some annoyance. 

Miri explained she had been sending [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] the gifts, though it took some time to add her own pink flair on the magic. She said her father, [[the Red Inquisitor]], was simply too busy to make time for them. Apparently, her and her father find prolific figures and form some sort of bond of patronage with them, though Miri told [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] only one other figure was still active. [[Celeste|Aurora]] felt a tattoo inking itself on her arm and saw a pink question mark etched there. 

Miri summoned three pedestals with strange wares upon them, offering [[Celeste|Aurora]] a trade, but only for one of the three items. [[Celeste|Aurora]] decided to trade some of her combat knowledge for a lightning-flavored shield and spear combination. Once their business was concluded, Miri turned to [[Arturo]].

Miri was quite annoyed that [[Arturo]] did not retrieve [[Avus]]’s amulet, though he did plead that he tried as hard as he could. Miri didn’t seem placated and said that [[Arturo]] would be bound to her until she grew bored of him. His responsibility would be to find her objects of interest. He tried to search for something she would enjoy, but his pockets were light. To have her own fun, Miri temporarily transformed [[Arturo]] into a portly [[goblin]]. With that, she sent [[The Dragonguard|the Paragons]] away from her strange realm so she could “redecorate”. 

[[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] were returned to the forests near [[Illeta]], where they continued gathering supplies to arm themselves with. Once they had crafted their basic weapons, they continued trekking northeast toward the [[Scarlet Temple]]. They stumbled across some sort of settlement that had townspeople arguing with armed men. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] decided to skirt around the settlement. 

Later that evening, a road appeared at the end of the tree line. [[The Dragonguard|The Paragons]] heard voices, so they hid in the brush. The armed men that were arguing with the townspeople strolled by, mentioning something about taking things by force. [[Arturo]] jumped out of the trees in his [[goblin]] form as a distraction while the other [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] hid, waiting for their moment… 