---
Date: 2012-2013
tags:
  - Campaign
aliases:
  - Scarlet
  - "Matar: Scarlet"
---
In Scarlet, the Kingdom of [[Matar]] was being torn apart by a vicious war between [[Humans]] and [[Elves]] versus the [[Dragonborn]]. The [[Dragonborn]] were being led by a rebel group known as [[Scarlet]]. [[Korrin]] ruled from the capital of [[Luxen]] with his Queen [[Selina]] and their son [[Aurum]]. The Heroes (known then as The [[Talons of Scarlet]]) eventually sided with [[Scarlet]], who were backed by the Fire God [[Greth]], and led by the Queen herself, [[Selina]], in secrecy. The King grew mad, or so it seemed from the outside. He began experimenting with gods and their powers, trying to imbue himself and his son with them, as his son was quite ill. Upon storming the white castle walls of [[Luxen]], the Talons found a superpowered [[Korrin]] in his throne room, his son attached to some apparatus. The Heroes also found [[Selina]] by his side, apparently a double agent. Though [[Korrin]] had subdued two gods to fight by his side, along with his enchanted half-dark, half-light sword (an artifact from the [[Ebonyborn]]), the Talons prevailed over him and his wife. The Talons heard out [[Selina]]'s plea for her and her son to live, and let her free. They then killed [[Korrin]] for what he had done to the Kingdom. Parades were thrown in the streets of [[Luxen]], and the reluctant then-Councilor of [[Falen]], [[Thalend]], was offered the crown (another relic of the [[Ebonyborn]]). This time he took it. So ended this part of the story, Scarlet.