Diluvia flew [[the Dragonguard]] to a nearby, broken watchtower to the south to rendezvous with their allies. Discussions about what to do next began, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] taking time to silently consider what had happened. Diluvia and [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] mentioned how the small fleet that appeared from [[the Blood Fog]] was likely to help restore [[Ager]] fully into this realm from where they were previously sealed, if Diluvia was able to even briefly stun them with their waters. [[Ronotte]] brought up that [[Nizima]] likely had hidden pieces already in play in the other places of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], likely already knowing their defenses would be strong in the north. 

Finally, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] spoke and assured the group that she would not be considering [[Nizima]]’s offer and that she would be promptly returning to the capital to shore up defenses everywhere possible, hoping for the assistance of [[the Dragonguard]] and the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court. 

Diluvia brought up that while the others gathered the status of the country with [[Nizima]]’s reappearance, they intended to bring news of the Caretaker of the [[Ancient Skies]] wishing to meet with [[the Dragonguard]], rather than being sent to save them from a [[Founders|Founder]]. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed to meet with this Caretaker, hoping they may learn more while the friendly and enemy pieces began to set their places on the board of war. 

Above in the clouds at the [[Ancient Skies]], [[the Dragonguard]] found the tower in a sort of flux. The different levels kept warping and changing to different architectural styles, and the apex of the tower housed an orb of magic pulsing with chromatic lightning. Knight-Captain [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] and a handful of [[White Flame knights]] stood posted at the front door of the tower, investigating. They drew their weapons at the sight of a [[Dragons|dragon]] bearing riders but lowered them when they spotted [[the Dragonguard]] aboard. They spoke with [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] briefly, learning that it was he they had met in [[Haven]] that warned them [[Talla]] was on their tail. 

Cutting their conversation short, the front door of the [[Ancient Skies]] cracked with blue lightning, until the door itself flew from its hinges with a thud. Two women stepped through. One was [[Sariel]], the realm-walking mage they had met aboard [[the Rigalipio]], being supported by another woman in a Mageron-adjacent set of mage’s clothing. A foreboding black cat stalked by the other woman who helped usher [[Sariel]] down the stairs. On the coat of the second woman was a silver eye. 

[[Sariel]], exhausted, explained that the scarlet-haired woman with golden yellow eyes was named [[Amalia]], and that she was from a different [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], from another “tapestry” as she put it. In this [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], [[Founders|the Founders]] had never split and had ruled for ages. [[Amalia]]’s timeline had begun its collapse when her world’s [[Nizima]] betrayed the other [[Founders]]. [[Amalia]] was a “soulguide” for [[Nizima]]’s house, ensuring dangerous magic-wielders did not leave behind remnants of themselves. She explained she had grown suspicious of [[Nizima]]’s directives, discovering she was helping him usher out remnants of members of fellow [[Founders|Founder]] houses. Her goal was to get revenge against [[Nizima]] for causing the downfall, even if it is a ”different” [[Nizima]]. [[Sariel]] finished the introduction by explaining that [[Amalia]] was a sister of hers, of sorts, as [[Sariel]]’s father was also [[Amalia]]’s father in her own timeline. 

[[Sariel]] moved on to the next subject, explaining that the tower was a danger to [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], and she needed their help to fix it before it created a permanent scar. Her hand was also marked by a dark silver eye writhing with silver tendrils. [[Sariel]] explained that [[Nizima]] could see across the tapestries she hopped across, and that it was no longer safe for her to wield her powers. She added that after [[Ancient Skies]] was healed, she wished to journey into the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s realm atop the tower to learn the truth of what really happened when [[Nizima|King Zin]], now [[Nizima]], stormed the realm 14 years prior. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed. 

In the tower, the group found themselves on a dark misty floor with chromatic visions of other timelines refracting through the mist like sunrays. In each, they saw [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] garbed in various dresses attending a gala. [[Sariel]] explained that they needed to find the [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] that belonged to their own world, so that she could anchor themselves and the tower to the world. Each member would only be able to step into one of the timelines, and their time would be very brief to gather information to find the right [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]. 

The party saw very different sights of Morrithanas-that-could-have-been. Though they believed they had discovered the correct one, [[Sariel]]’s beam of magic could not anchor to the selected refraction correctly, causing chromatic scars of lightning to shatter across the ground…

 