[[The Dragonguard]] spoke to [[Sariel]] before continuing forward, asking about the ramifications of their actions in these alternate futures, pasts, and presents. [[Sariel]] theorized that these other timelines are not *truly* the root of these worlds, but a rogue heartbeat, a bubble, that has cracked off the actual timeline. She doubted their actions actually affected these other worlds, truly. 

As [[the Dragonguard]] continued to ascend [[Ancient Skies]] to the third level, they found themselves in yet another throne room, though this one was unfamiliar. It stood on a snowy sea, with three figures awaiting them. Councilor [[Mira]] of [[Haven]] sat on the throne, a crown shaped like flames atop her brow. In front of her stood [[Gale]] and [[Karth]], though they also held different roles than in [[the Dragonguard]]’s home world. [[Karth]] seemed to be wielding [[Doom magic]], an eyepatch over one of his eyes. [[Gale]] wore a resplendent suit of armor with a flame sigil. [[Karth]] served as Head of [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] Intelligence, and [[Gale]] served as Lady of the Queensguard, both under the Queen [[Mira]]. 

[[The Dragonguard]] learned through discussing with the three that their timeline had stopped [[Founders|the Founders]]. [[Mira]] explained that when a moment of indecision came to the leaders of her [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], she took matters into her own hands. [[Mira]] also told the group that her timeline had also crowned [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] in the past, and that they currently lived in the year 63 AD, 3 years ahead of [[the Dragonguard]]’s world. 

[[Karth]] examined the group with his [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-afflicted eye, alerting [[Mira]] that they were in fact from another version of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. The group was extremely cautious in allowing [[the Dragonguard]] to stay in their world, worried their presence could draw other attention, despite the two groups possibly being allies. [[Mira]] and her court assured their sympathies, but that they could not threaten their peace. The rift had to be reopened to send [[the Dragonguard]] back. [[Mira]]’s court and [[the Dragonguard]] both drew their weapons, though [[Mira]]’s court assured them they had no intention to kill [[the Dragonguard]].

Through [[Karth]]’s [[Doom Magic|Doom]]-blades, [[Gale]]’s bursts of wind, and [[Mira]]’s flames, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious as her court yielded. The would-be queen wished [[the Dragonguard]] luck in the wars to come as they were returned to their own realm.

While dealing with [[Mirina]], [[the Dragonguard]] managed to free [[Arturo]] of his deal with [[Mirina]], though it required [[Amalia]] to become a patron. [[Mirina]] seemed especially interested in getting the entire group of seven as her patrons, but [[Aksell]] continued to refuse. 

The group ascended one more level, finding themselves in the [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] throne room yet again, though in a much better state. An immense crowd of courtiers gathered in the balconies, where [[the Dragonguard]] ended up as well. Every councilor of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] stood on the ground floor, along the length of the throne room. Each councilor flame burned brilliantly. Banners of gold bearing a [[Dragons|dragon]] with red talons covered the chamber. At the throne stood [[Harvey]], the expert of law [[the Dragonguard]] briefly met at their trial. His hair had a bit grayer than when they saw him last, and in front of him was knelt a man of dark hair…

