After the volatile, chromatic light cracked through the marble floor of the [[Ancient Skies]], the refractions of other Morrithanas faded, leaving the party in the presence of a crumbling skeleton of a [[Dragons|dragon]], the crystal black. [[Sariel]] warned that too many cracks in the tower would render it a permanent scar upon [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], but that the tower was still stable yet. The group continued to the following floor.

On the next floor in flux, [[the Dragonguard]] found themselves in a crumbling throne room of white. They were in the [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] throne room, but the world outside seemed to be completely eviscerated to ash. This tapestry’s [[Korrin]] sat on a throne, his sword still glowing black-and-white. In front of him stood his armored Kingsguard if seven, all with white, black, and purple magic coursing in their veins. They were mere husks. 

[[Korrin]] asked first how the group had even survived the world outside. He seemed especially interested in how [[Sariel]] could be alive when he claimed he’d seen her fall himself. The group tried to reason with the King of Ashes, but [[Korrin]] merely waved them off, asking how this could even be rectified. [[Sariel]] pulled the group aside and whispered that perhaps diplomacy would be ineffective against the man. When told of the specter of an alternate [[Korrin]] they’d seen in [[Allunaris]]’s castle that had spoke of being the “only one left”, [[Sariel]] offered that perhaps this [[Korrin]] was one in the same as that specter. She theorized that they may need to put this [[Korrin]] into that correct state, his “punishment”: solitude. And so, [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons to face off against the Ashen Kingsguard of this alternate history.

[[Korrin]] merely watched lazily from his throne, occasionally sending forth black-and-white magic from his blade to assist his Kingsguard. [[The Dragonguard]] defeated the Kingsguard, and as the gravity of what had happened finally settled on [[Korrin]], he rose to his feet. He seemed incredulous, asking, “What have you done?” in anger, but the throne room faded back to the [[Ancient Skies]]. Golden light cracked through the black marble floor instead of the chromatic, and the level seemed to stabilize. A red [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton sat cracking in pieces in the center of the chamber. [[The Dragonguard]] continued onward to the third level…

