Once they received Lucien’s magical boon, [[the Dragonguard]] continued to the next glowing stairwell into the next wing of the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s Realm. There, they arrived in a lush forest, another [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton and a set of horns awaiting them. [[Amalia]] could feel a remnant in each object. [[Sariel]] warned the group of [[Guan Yi]], the God of Earth likely imprisoned here, and how he worked with [[Korrin]] during the time of Scarlet, committing various atrocities. She added that though perhaps [[Korrin]]’s ends were justified, his means certainly were not, and [[Guan Yi]] was by his side through the conflict. The group opened the communal channel to [[Guan Yi]]’s remnant with [[Amalia]]’s soulguide abilities. 

[[Guan Yi]] reminisced on his time as [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]], pushing back the Magerony during the time before [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] kings and queens, as well as his time at [[Korrin]]’s side. He lamented having been tricked, that Undine had taught the other gods and goddesses how to create remnants as a backup plan, but [[Korrin]] had stolen his and sealed him here in Year 0 when [[Korrin]] and [[Sarah]] sacrificed themselves in order to slay the [[Allunaris|Doomking]], [[Allunaris]]. 

The party asked for [[Guan Yi]]’s and his [[Dragons|dragon]] Elle’s assistance to defeat [[Nizima]]. He tentatively agreed, stating that their goals would align, for he would want to protect [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] and his people to extend his verdant vision. In order to weaken [[Korrin]]’s spell further, [[Guan Yi]] offered the idea of a friendly duel to expend both sides powers to tear at the bonds. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed and drew their weapons. 

[[Guan Yi]] and Elle called forth the powers of the earth, using nature to fight [[the Dragonguard]]. Eventually, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious and freed [[Guan Yi]] from these remnants, to return to where he was slain by the [[Talons of Scarlet]] so many years before. [[Guan Yi]] offered a boon to the party, as well. [[The Dragonguard]] continued to the next wing. 

The verdant forest realm was replaced by one of frigid winds and compact snow. Here, [[the Dragonguard]] found the remains of an intensely powerful spell that had been cast, as well as two figures wearing Kingsguard armor frozen in nearly-inert [[Doom Magic|Doom crystals]]. [[Sariel]] and the group sensed no goddess present, and figured some scuffle must have occurred with these Kingsguard, Vellan and Kima from [[Nizima|Zin]]’s rule, and the ice goddess. 

The group ruminated on what to do with the figures, worrying that if they tried to destroy the [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] figures, they would not have the strength for what lay ahead. They eventually agreed they could not leave them behind for someone else and shattered the crystals. As the two figures were freed, they collapsed, using their last breaths to thank [[the Dragonguard]] for finally freeing them. With nothing else in this realm of ice, the group continued to the next glowing stairwell.

In the fourth elemental wing of the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s Realm, [[the Dragonguard]] were adrift an endless sea on a small raft. Ahead of them was a single spit of rock with a blue spirit sitting atop it. When they approached, the spirit vanished with a flash of red magic. On the rock, the group found a fragmented trident, which [[Sariel]] theorized may be a part of a relic of Undine, the goddess of water. A portion which may fit with one Councilor [[Turner]] used against [[the Rectifiers]] during [[Fourth Doom|The Fourth Doom Crisis]]. [[The Dragonguard]] continued to the next glowing stairwell.

The final area of the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s Realm was a throne room of sorts. Features from each element were present in this area, though chunks of each previous wing were collapsing in on the throne room itself. In a crystalline throne, wearing a green gown and a crown resembling sunrays, sat the [[Sarah|Stewardess]], [[Sarah]]. 

[[Sarah]] seemed tired and near collapse, but in speaking with her, [[the Dragonguard]] learned several things. When [[Nizima|Zin]] and [[Saren]] came into this realm, they tried to perform some ritual where [[Saren]] attempted to transfer the power of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] to [[Nizima|Zin]], though it did not seem to take. [[Sarah]] also gifted the accursed book that corrupted [[Saren]] into the [[Saren|Harbinger of the Fourth Doom]] to the group. [[Vespello]] opted to keep it safe, but begrudgingly revealed that he heard the whispers of [[Allunaris]] in his mind now. 

[[Sarah]] spoke of how her husband, [[Korrin|King Korrin]], had trouble letting go. He had sealed a piece of her and himself away to possibly revive themselves should the worst come to pass, but [[Sarah]] added his plan was not quite finished. He had sealed the gods and goddesses against their will in order to sustain each of their remnants, but she did not know where [[Korrin]]’s, the [[Korrin|Reaper]]’s, realm was hidden. She prayed the freed gods and goddesses did not seek retribution against [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] when it was her husband’s doing. [[Sarah]] also theorized that perhaps [[Nizima|Zin]], or [[Nizima]], knew that [[Korrin]] had somehow learned to kill [[Allunaris]] the [[Allunaris|Doomking]], and wished to destroy his remnants so he himself could not be slain. 

Before her realm collapsed and her remnant faded to the winds, [[Sarah]] imparted more gifts to [[the Dragonguard]]. In line with [[Korrin]] not knowing how to let go, he had secured a clutch of [[Dragons|dragon]] eggs, likely for himself and [[Sarah]]. She gifted the glowing white-gold egg, named [[Lumen]], and the chromatic egg, named Chromus, to the group, that [[Celeste|Aurora]] and [[Alicia]] took in their care, respectively. [[Sarah]] also handed over a golden amulet with a green gemstone. She explained this amulet was named Protection, and was an [[ebonyborn]] relic she had gifted her husband to keep him safe. As a favor, she allowed the group to wear the amulet for the time being, but she wished for it to be returned to her son, [[Aurum|Prince Aurum]]. For her final tidbit of information, she revealed [[Korrin]] had tried to send his accursed crown, also an [[ebonyborn]] relic, to a castle in the clouds he had referenced to her a handful of times, but that his spell was incomplete, and that its location may be somewhere on the mountain, if it was even intact. 

[[Sarah]] pointed the group toward [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], toward a lab underneath the palace that [[Korrin]] had in secret. And though she would never get the know the truth, she asked the group to find out what [[Nizima|Zin]] had really done to her daughter, for she feared [[Aura|Queen Aura]] did not in fact pass of natural causes. [[Sariel]] and [[Sarah]] both spoke of wishing to fix their wrongs, of themselves and their family, before their time was up, though [[Sarah]]’s was now at an end as her realm disintegrated around them…