[[The Dragonguard]] learned that they stood in a timeline where [[Londo Artlatta]] had survived [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]] and been named King. He addressed the crowd, thanking them and his allies for helping stop the [[Founders|Founder]] threat. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] introduced a group of three hooded figures, one in silver, one in black, and one in gold. These three, along with [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], had [[Founders|Founder]] bloodline tattoos visible on their arms. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] assured the crowd that the four of these Descendants would scatter to the winds, never to unite their powers again, now that [[Founders|the Founders]] had been defeated. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] wished everyone well as the partying and mingling began.

[[The Dragonguard]] and [[Sariel]] rested and filled their stomachs briefly, but shortly thereafter, the silver-cloaked Descendant began to approach their table. [[Sariel]] stated that this timeline seemed stable, and she could [[Anchors|anchor]] the group back to [[Ancient Skies]] at any time. The group decided it was too dangerous to speak to a potential descendant of [[Nizima]] and had [[Sariel]] send them back.

In the true fourth level of [[Ancient Skies]], a purple [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton stood. [[Sariel]] paid it little mind, and the group continued upward. 

On the fifth floor, [[the Dragonguard]] was transported to a smokey battlefield with silver flames burning in piles of rubble. They stood in the wake of the battle in [[Amalia]]’s timeline, in the rubble of what she called “[[Ager]]’s Spire”, or the [[Ancient Skies]]. While looking for survivors, the group discovered three [[Founders|Founder]] descendants that had survived. The first two were of [[Corvux]]’s and an unknown [[Founders|Founder]]’s bloodline. Though [[Amalia]] should have recalled the name of the second [[Founders|Founder]], she found the memory had faded. [[Sariel]] told the group that she would sometimes get “timeline sickness” if she lingered in one timeline too long. She theorized that [[Amalia]] was beginning to root into the main timeline, causing her to forget the truths of her own. 

All three descendants the group had found wanted their help to transplant a dead [[Founders|Founder]]’s tattoo to finish their inheritance of power. The third descendant was the one the group decided to assist, [[Korrin|Tristair Aladoro]]. Though his hair color was different in this timeline, [[Korrin|Tristair]] wore the face of the man the group knew as [[Korrin|King Korrin]], this version still bearing his Mageron name. [[Korrin|Tristair]] additionally offered to sweeten the deal, asking the group to kill the other two descendants they had found. [[Amalia]] agreed to this offer, taking a golden sword [[Korrin|Tristair]] had conjured to do the deed. 

[[The Dragonguard]] slew the other two descendants, gathered the necessary materials to build a transplant apparatus, and found a dead [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] and [[Allunaris]]. [[Korrin|Tristair]] birthed yet another idea when learning they had found two [[Founders]]: to transplant both [[Founders|Founder]] powers to his own arm. [[The Dragonguard]] knew it was risky to give one man such power, but they agreed it may be needed for [[Korrin|Tristair]] to defeat this [[Nizima]]. It would also serve as a test to see if the process would even work, should they need such a strategy in their own timeline. 

Offering their own blood as additional power stores for [[Korrin|Tristair]] to transplant both [[Founders|Founder]] tattoos, [[the Dragonguard]] helped him finish the process. His now finished tattoo pulsed with the golden wings and black veins. With new powers coursing through his veins, [[Korrin|Tristair]] seemed to transcend to a higher understanding, and he gazed at the group with what seemed like fresh eyes. He tilted his head and said that their group did not belong in this world. Worried by what the man would do next, [[Sariel]] anchored the timeline and returned the group to the [[Ancient Skies]].

With yet another floor sealed with the golden light, [[the Dragonguard]] found another skeleton on the fifth level. This one was transparent in color, but again, [[Sariel]] paid it no mind. The group ascended to the sixth level.

Here, the group was transported to a dark version of [[the Dragonguard]] Manor. The bricks were replaced by a sleek black stone, all the furniture had been removed, and only the fireplace remained. In it burned a vibrant silver fire. In front of it stood alternate versions of [[the Dragonguard]]. Each had been transformed into a version of themselves that had agreed to help [[Nizima]], each with their own role and title. They goaded the true [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]], introducing themselves as the Executors of [[Founders|the Founders]], serving the King of [[Founders|the Founders]], [[Nizima]]. Knowing they could not let these darker versions of themselves stay alive, [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons… 

