After [[the Dragonguard]] defeated their fallen versions from this dark timeline, something in [[Celeste|Aurora]] snapped. She dragged her dark version and pummeled it into the silver fireplace, repeatedly slamming the alternate version with her gauntleted hand. [[Vespello]] and the team helped calm [[Celeste|Aurora]], and she revealed that the Darkblade wasn’t [[Celeste|Aurora]], but the sibling she’d had that was terrible in childhood, that she’d gotten what she deserved here. The party agreed there was little else to see here and allowed [[Sariel]] to stabilize the level of the [[Ancient Skies]], revealing a golden [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton to which [[Sariel]] paid little mind.

[[The Dragonguard]] paid [[Mirina]]’s tower a visit but were met instead by [[the Red Inquisitor]] himself. He revealed that [[Mirina]] was on a mission for him, and that they should make no mistake, that they were truly *his* patrons, not [[Mirina]]’s. He rebound the pink question mark tattoo branded on the patrons with a spiraling red lightning, ensuring that [[Mirina]] could not use them with any ulterior motives she may have against him. The group traded with the man and went on their way.

On the final floor of the [[Ancient Skies]], [[the Dragonguard]] found themselves in a final throne room. This one was somber, with white-flame torches burning throughout the hall. In two thrones sat [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] [[Artlatta]], silver liquid dripping from her eyes, and [[Londo Artlatta]], unresponsive, head down, and hardly breathing. As they spoke with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], they found that in this world, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] had taken [[Nizima]] up on his offer, and had handed [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] to him on a silver platter. In return, [[Nizima]] returned [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] to her, though in a much worse state. [[Alicia]] began to question [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s true love for [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], which instantly angered the White Flame. The two sides drew their weapons. 

[[Aksell]] targeted [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] first, putting the poor man out of his misery, which caused [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] to ignite in an inferno of White Flames. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] yelled in rage that it didn’t matter, for [[Nizima]] would bring him back again. Despite her incinerating white fires, [[the Dragonguard]] eventually emerged victorious…  