This alternate version of [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] stood defeated. She sincerely wished [[the Dragonguard]] well, that she hoped they fared better in their own world, as she collapsed to the marble floor, dead. This timeline now settled, [[Sariel]] sent the group back to the [[Ancient Skies]]. 

Back in the [[Ancient Skies]], [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Sariel]] now stood on the top floor of the tower, the same golden light cracking through the marble floor. [[Sariel]] gave pause to the nearly perfectly preserved [[Dragons|dragon]] statue of red-and-blue crystal. She revealed that this [[Dragons|dragon]] was Striga, one of her own parents. The group continued upward, to the rooftop of [[Ancient Skies]], where a chromatic dome of dark magic awaited. 

On the rooftop, the group saw a winding staircase of glowing light leading into the infinite. [[Sariel]] recounted how 14 years ago, [[Nizima|King Zin]] gathered a force to storm this, the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s Realm, in order to bring his dead wife [[Aura]] back. She revealed that the [[Sarah|Stewardess]] was in fact her half-sister, [[Sarah]], and that [[Korrin]] had turned the two of them into the [[Sarah|Stewardess]] and [[Korrin|Reaper]] after the [[Allunaris|Doomking]] had been slain. Their daughter, [[Aura]], passed in 46 AD, and [[Nizima|Zin]] knew the identity of the [[Sarah|Stewardess]], thinking he could demand the figure return her own daughter to life. [[Sariel]] was beginning to think that’s was a lie for [[Nizima]] ([[Nizima|King Zin]]) to have an excuse to storm the [[Sarah|Stewardess]]’s Realm. For what, they would find out the truth. The group journeyed up the stairwell into the Realm.

The first chamber they reached was a valley full of light and refracting, clear crystal stalagmites. In the center of the valley was a white crystalline [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton. [[Amalia]] could sense the remnant of a soul within the skeleton, however, lurking throughout the valley were large creatures with tendrils and a large, singular silver eye. The [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton was also littered in smaller silver eyes, all darting in different directions. The silver-eyed creatures lurking the valley seemed to be searching for something. [[The Dragonguard]] decided to have [[Amalia]] sneak up to the skeleton to commune with the remnant. As she neared, she could sense there was not one, but two remnants within the skeleton. She reached out to commune, avoiding the levitating eye creatures. 

One of the voices was angered, immediately levitating toward [[Amalia]], stating they had infected his companion, Candor, and that the valley would be purified by his light. The [[Dragons|dragon]] skeleton then rematerialized its white scales and crystal horns and spikes. [[The Dragonguard]] fought Candor of the One Thousand Lights, a [[Dragons|dragon]] empowered by both blinding light and the strange powers of [[Nizima]]. 

Over the course of the fight, [[the Dragonguard]] learned from the second remnant that they in fact were fighting the God of Light, Lucien, and his [[Dragons|dragon]] companion, Candor. [[The Dragonguard]] eventually convinced the voice that they were [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] themselves now, and that they wished for his help in any capacity against [[Founders|the Founders]]. Lucien wished to complete their duel, after which he offered a deal. He revealed that this was not his only remnant, but that this was Candor’s only one. He offered a boon to the group if they agreed to let their remnants free, rather than having their soulguide dispel them. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed, shattered the crystal, and freed the two remnants. Lucien’s voice advised them to seek him out off the southern coast of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]…