[[The Rectifiers]] fought through torrential rain and treacherous waves to defeat [[Turner]]’s vile captain that challenged them. Again, they freed more prisoners, and the dwarves took control of the ship. The group was nearing the heart of [[Turner]]’s fleet, the storm looming over it. [[The Rectifiers]] hopped back to their flagship to sail inward toward their next target. 

The group dispatched another group of [[Turner]]’s thugs, and again, the dwarves of [[Amanta]] methodically commandeered the ship, adding it to the fleet. The nearby ships were making similar progress, slowly overtaking most of [[Turner]]’s fleet. Nary a ship stood between [[The Rectifiers]] and the heart of the storm, now covered in dark rain. The captain of their boat returned to his wheel, but before the heroes could follow, a monstrous shadow emerged from the storm’s heart. A leviathan of a vessel, armed at every porthole with the same watery-enchanted lances. At the bow of the ship was a statue of a [[siren]], not modestly dressed. Beneath her was an immense lance of water magic, glowing with a vile blue shade. This was without a doubt [[Turner]]’s vessel. Before the group could react to the emergence of [[Turner]], the massive lance fired forth, obliterating the ship on which [[The Rectifiers]] were still stood. Immense waves sent nearby vessels fleeing, and the destruction sent [[The Rectifiers]] overboard.

The group struggled to grab driftwood, some even sinking beneath the waves. [[Audrea]] hardly managed to not drown by summoning a magical bubble of ice to float to the surface. After surveying the wreckage and extending his typhoon to keep other ships at bay, [[Turner]] moved his vessel near [[The Rectifiers]]. He called out to them from high above on the deck of his ship, saying they looked quite soaked and could use a hand. He tossed a ladder overboard, saying he wished to be done with their meddling.

Once aboard the mighty leviathan, the group saw [[Turner]]’s crew stop and spectate what would happen. [[Turner]]’s First Mate, a scarred, tanned man with slicked-back nearly stark white hair awaited them. He bore a mystical scimitar enchanted by water magic. On the deck, the group spotted the contraptions bearing the magic water lances that could destroy the [[Amanta|Amantan]] fleet. [[Turner]] seemed uninterested at the moment, speaking to a crewmate at the ship’s wheel on the other end of the boat.

The First Mate told them [[Turner]] wished to find if they were worth his time with a pleasant bout of combat. When asked why they were even bothering with this mission, the First Mate replied that if this band of pirates could do what the crown could not, what good would that crown be? When pressed on whether they even stand a chance against [[Doom Event|the Doom]], he glanced over toward [[Turner]] then replied that he believed they did indeed have a shot. With that, the contest began.

Victory neared, and when he saw death in his near future, the First Mate looked toward [[Turner]] with longing, then collapsed on the deck. The spectators began to murmur. With the change in atmosphere, [[Turner]] finally took notice. He gazed toward the bloody end of the deck, seemingly surprised. His face grew stern, he grabbed a long, metallic case nearby, then marched down the stairwell toward [[The Rectifiers]]...