The party found themselves back in their tower chamber, alongside a new, quite disoriented ally. [[Cavo]] and [[Vint]] were already awake. The group did their best to quickly orient The Gunslinger of Smoke to the current where and when to which he had been resurrected. After a moment of consideration, he offered up his gun back to [[Gale]], stating that he believed his time with it had ended long ago. She graciously accepted his gift. The once Bloodied Hero said he would help if he could with this new, or continued, [[Doom Event|Doom]], though he seemed slightly unsure. 

As the party conferred with their allies, boxes and packages began to materialize with a red mist onto one of the tables in their lounge. Various gifts were found inside, but one of [[Maron]]’s seemed most peculiar. It was a rectangular box with a strange amulet inside. It contained a quite smooth red jewel. The velvet upon which the amulet sat held a finely drawn question mark. When he placed the amulet upon his neck, he vanished from sight, though only for a few seconds. When he reappeared, the party found his arm bleeding. [[Maron]] claimed he had been transported to some strange chamber. Inside the chamber, he stood upon a wooden platform, dark waters far below him. Behind him, he saw a door with no knob. On the platform itself, he saw various strange objects: coffins, artifacts, and a strange purple liquid bubbling in a cauldron. In the center of the room sat a statue of a mage, wearing quite strange regalia. On his robe’s chest was the same calligraphic question mark. 

As he recounted, [[Maron]] said the statue spoke to him as he approached. It had glowing red eyes and a mischievous voice. Though the statue never moved, it told [[Maron]] he could visit infrequently and find three objects for sale. Three pedestals appeared with strange objects: a pair of boots, a vial, and a dark blade. [[Maron]] said he traded a sample of his blood for an enchanted vial. [[Vint]] seemed interested in his tale, but did not share his thoughts on the matter. 

A knock on the door echoed through the room. A servant dressed in finery introduced himself and stated Lord [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] requests their presence as soon as possible. With a big day ahead of them, the party gathered [[Vint]] and [[Cavo]], but told The Bloodied Hero he should likely stay here for the time being. With that, they took the magical lift to [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s section of the tower.

Inside [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s tower chamber, they found [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], [[Talla]], [[Creft]], and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], all dressed in their full [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] armor, robes, and finery. The group asked to speak privately to [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], so the other three left the lounge. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] was informed of where they had gone and that a Bloodied Hero now awaited in their chambers. Not expecting that news, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] took a moment to process, but he said they would cross that bridge after the [[Rectifier Vote]]. He shared a few more details about the vote, stating that a few councilors were absent, some could be swayed during recesses that occurred after every five votes, and that the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] each got votes as well. The party would need 22 votes for a majority, with the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] included. Finally, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] stated that [[The Rectifiers]] could be a body of up to 13, so the group offered a position to [[Cavo]] and [[Vint]]. [[Cavo]] seemed quite interested in the role, while [[Vint]] simply stated he would do whatever needed done. The party decided The Bloodied Hero, being a member, may not be the best idea, so they left him out for the time being. Once that decision was made, the other three [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] returned, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] picked up a large tome with a crafted symbol of a cracked crown being held together by a strong hand, and the retinue was off to the throne room.

The throne room was quite a bit livelier than it usually was with most councilors in animated discussions with their entourages, fellow councilors, or servants. [[Nizima|Zin]] was seated quietly on his high throne. A long table with seven chairs was now in front of the throne. The [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] took their seats at this table. To the side was a large collection of additional seats. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] informed the party that would be their place during the vote. He pointed out the first group of five councilors that would vote. [[Vis]] of [[Luxen]], speaking to the short and orange-haired [[Orlos]] of [[Barba]], a [[Dwarf]]. The party made very little headway with these two, obviously familiar with one another. The councilor of [[Falen]] unfortunately was lost when the dome of shadow covered [[Luxen]], so his vote would not be cast, but still count to the total. Next on the list, the party met [[Donnell]] of [[Triven]]. A quiet man with glasses and a long ponytail, [[Donnell]] sat upon his councilor seat reading a book. Since the councilors did not yet know the meaning of this gathering, the party had to skirt around the topic. They found [[Donnell]] quite difficult to speak to, as he seemed disinterested, but read between the lines to feel confident in his vote. Rounding out the first group, the party re-encountered [[Garlan]] of [[Silva]]. Quite gracious for the assistance the party gave him, [[Garlan]]’s vote seemed almost definite. The group found their seats as [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] began to call the chamber to order.

[[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] addressed the chamber quite loudly, an enchantment helping to cast his voice down the hall. He informed the councilors that [[Doom Event|The Doom]] had returned, and they had seen it firsthand in the capital itself. Whispers and chattering began to fill the room as councilors spoke to one another. [[Vis]] attempted to interrupt the dialogue by claiming it as nonsense but was silenced and told to be seated by [[Nizima|King Zin]]. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] continued by saying that the kingdom was shattered, divided, and that the man on the throne was doing nothing to remedy this. [[Nizima|Zin]] remained quiet at this charge. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] did seem saddened by having to accuse his own king of inaction. Despite this, he continued by slamming the book he had brought down on his table. With the loud slam, a magical apparition of the same symbol rose from the book, floating to the center of the chamber. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] explained that [[Aura]] had left them one final gift, foreseeing this as a possibility. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] would call a vote to instate the first ever body of [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]], and that those seated next to him were the [[candidates]]. He said some of the councilors saw them in action for themselves, while others would meet them shortly. With his introduction finished, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] took a seat and had the magical chandelier which lit the room lowered. The central flame turned from a normal color to pure white. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] called for the first four councilors, [[Falen]] excluded, to cast their votes. They fiddled with a magical light on their councilor rings, and similarly colored flames burst from the rings to give a slight hue to the white flame in the chandelier. The first recess was called.

In the next group of five, the party met [[Rommal]] of [[Olus]] first. A [[Humans|human]] man nearing middle age, [[Rommal]] was quite star-struck meeting the rookie heroes, as he saw them rushing toward the dome first hand. An easy vote to secure. Next, the party met the meditative [[Minotaur]] councilor of [[Minos]], [[Moran Thil]]. He reported some strange happenings with his sister city in the [[Mythical Forest]], [[Minos]], explaining that city’s councilor’s absence. Grateful for their help in saving the councilor of [[Silva]], [[Moran Thil]] promised his vote. Given the next councilor, [[Hasan Li]] of [[Mythos]], was absent, the party continued to the fourth, [[Vinnae]] of [[Elden]]. An [[Elves|elf]] woman with a short temper with the party for some reason, she all but shooed the party away. The group learned she was quite upset that they chose to save [[Garlan]] over [[Tallen]], the councilor of [[Falen]]. [[Vinnae]] explained that [[Tallen]] was held in high regard by [[elves]] and mages alike. With an explanation that they truly did wish to save him over [[Garlan]], but were tricked, [[Vinnae]] eventually agreed to vote in favor of the movement. Finally, the party met the infamous [[Turner]] of [[Navis]]. A disrespectful man wearing dirty seafaring clothing, [[Turner]] immediately showed his disdain for the movement and of fellow councilor [[Beckett]] of [[Locations/Matar/Aequor/index]]. Though two of the group offered to kill [[Beckett]] for him, [[Turner]] did not buy the offer for a moment. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] appeared to be displeased as his eyes and ears around the chamber heard of the offer. The party assumed [[Turner]] would be a vote in the negative column. These four votes were cast, and another recess called.

The hopeful [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] next met [[Vonir]], the dwarven councilor of the island city of [[Ibolus]]. Though already leaning toward a “yes” vote, a promise to help deal with the various [[goblin|goblins]] that plagued his city secured it. With some prior knowledge in their hands, they met [[Beckett]] of the city of [[Locations/Matar/Aequor/index]]. Much more refined and well-dressed, [[Beckett]] was a stark contrast to [[Turner]], his rival. With yet another deal to help reel in [[Turner]] and his pirates, [[Beckett]] agreed to vote “yes”. To [[Amy]]’s delight, the party met the councilor of her hometown of [[Elisi]]. An islander in dress like [[Amy]] at the start of her journey, [[Terrinia]] was absolutely in favor of sirens in a place of power. Next on the list was [[Zaro]] of [[Grandos]] to the north. He wore heavy furs and had quite dark skin. He spoke with a broad, deep voice. Valuing gold and trade deals the most as a merchant town, the party promised him the opening of [[Luxen]] and a store plot in the marketplace on the [[Royal Road]]. [[Zaro]] accepted these terms for a vote. Rounding out this set of councilors was [[Mira]] of [[Haven]]. Having already secured her vote, the party had a brief conversation with her. They did notice her councilor ring had changed to the one [[Karth]] gave her in return for the vote. The court was called back to order by [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], the votes were cast, and the party began campaigning another set of councilors.

The next set of councilors was not quite as easy to please. First, the group met [[Harin]], the older councilor of [[Amanta]]. He had already planned on voting yes in hopes that the crown would again help keep the underbelly of [[Amanta]] at bay. Next was the sly [[siren]] councilor of [[Piscis]], a town infamous for its nighttime revelry. Fearing a loss of her autonomy and shadier dealings, [[Victoria]] did not plan on voting yes by any means. A bad omen greeted the party with the next councilor, as he was already chatting with [[Vis]]. [[Gornen]] of the dwarven city of [[Apillus]] was a non-speaking fellow who apparently valued money from his hand gestures. Dissatisfied with the offer of the party, it was assumed he would vote no as well. [[Ruth]] was the next councilor on the list, from [[Seduzi]], and the party was quite unprepared for her demeanor. An inquisitive pixie with blue accents, she aggressively questioned the party on their plans. She wanted great detail. Eventually, she had heard enough. It was unclear to the party how she would vote. Lastly, the party met the anxious councilor of [[Necopi]], a northern town on the eastern side of [[Matar]]. He seemed quite uneasy and wore dark furs and a sword at his side. Explaining his city was losing too many strong lads to the sirens of [[Syreni]]. He told the party he would need assistance from them if he was to vote yes. The party agreed as [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] called the hall to order for another round of voting. 

The subject of [[Jon]]’s concern was the next councilor the party met. [[Annasia]] of [[Syreni]] was not shy about her sirens “stealing” men away from the nearby cities. When pressed on the issue, she explained if her city’s needs were not met in such a way, they would eventually fall to the same murderous intent as the sirens of [[Atrae]]. Eventually the party agreed to have refugee men that were willing sent to [[Syreni]] as recompense. [[Annasia]] agreed to this and said she would vote for the party. [[Varen]] of [[Pravus]] was the infamous captor of [[Azalea]]. When the party approached his seat, he seemed to be in a drowsy sort of trance. Nearly getting nowhere at all, the party was quite unclear about his intentions. The next two councilors, [[Hadria]] of [[Tenso]] and [[Goldtooth]] of [[Merca]], were absent due to some conflict they had over nearby lands. Lastly, was [[Dak]] of [[Dracen]], a [[dragonborn]]. He seemed quite interested in voting for the party if they could settle the conflict with nearby [[Tenso]] and [[Merca]]. These three votes were then cast.

The calming, elderly councilor of [[Naviga]], [[Patran]], seemed quite on board with the idea of [[The Rectifiers]]. He said he would like to see more presence from the crown as conflicts spread and refugees continue to flood mainland [[Matar]]. With [[Patran]]’s vote seemingly secured, [[Karth]] approached two [[dragonborn]] councilors. [[Krem]] and [[Mek]] were the councilors of [[Frios]] and [[Inferna]], respectively. [[Krem]] was a younger fellow, while [[Mek]] seemed quite elderly and used a cane to support himself. Though [[Krem]] initially seemed to be undecided, [[Mek]] was strongly opposed to [[Humans|human]] interference from the west. [[Karth]] thought to offer his fire stone but retracted when [[Mek]] seemed shocked that someone claiming to be so interested in [[dragonborn]] culture would offer up such an artifact. As a last resort, [[Karth]] used his magic to give himself some [[dragonborn]] scaling, but [[Mek]] saw this as a grave offense and began ranting and raving. [[Mek]] escorted him away, and the party marked the two [[dragonborn]] down as likely “no” votes. [[Arlia]], the elven councilor of [[Illeta]], promised her vote in exchange for [[The Rectifiers]] help to destroy strange creatures that lurked in their jungles. [[Renner]] of [[Sulan]] seemed more interested in autonomy than fixing his kingdom, so the party assumed his vote would be a “no”. With a bleaker outlook on this set of councilors, the party watched the votes be cast. 

The party found themselves approaching the last set of councilors. The first two were [[Nel]] of [[Velum]] and [[Lana]] of [[Viriden]]. Both were in dire need of assistance with the refugees fleeing from [[The Forgotten Lands]]. They could not provide much info on from what they were fleeing, as none of the refugees wished to speak of what they had seen. The party promised [[Nel]] ships and [[Viriden]] personal assistance, and the two agreed to vote in favor. The next pair the party met were possibly the strangest yet. They were two [[dragonborn]] with dark scales and deep hoods from the cities of [[Ignis]] and [[Draconis]] to the far northeast. They seemed quite odd and had taken the new names of [[Void]] and [[Despair]]. The group noticed their shadows would often turn to one another, though their physical bodies had not moved. Strangely disturbed by the two, the party moved on to the final councilor, [[Marathena]] of [[Atrae]]. As expected, she had no interest in voting in favor of [[The Rectifiers]]. The party assumed as much when learning that she was allegedly the leader of a murderous coven of sirens. With a rather bleak last set, the party took their seats as their votes were cast. 

To round out the ritual, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] called a moment to recognize the four cities that had been lost, [[Garien]], [[Ecus]], [[Vallen]], and [[Metisia]]. Their votes would be null but would still count toward the total. After the reverent moment had passed, the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] took their seats and cast their votes from golden rings of their own. With the chandelier’s fire now a multi-chromatic display, the entire chamber awaited the results… 