The party ventured forth from [[Luxen]] to exact revenge on their kidnappers. Stopping at [[Triven]] along the way, they found the city under a sort of lockdown. Guard mages patrolled the streets, and very few people were found roaming[[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] city. When the party lingered, mages hurried them along. The party continued north to find the cave in which they were held hostage. Along the road, they found [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] at camp. He had apparently cut his hair into a shorter fashion and trimmed his beard down into a mustache. He shared his camp and a drink he called “[[Thalend’s Bane]]”. When questioned about his purpose out on the road, he said he could not share any information about it.

Arriving at nightfall, the party found a purple magical light adorning the top of the entryway of the cavern. It was shaped like a rose. The [[Darkpetal Knights]] inside were dispatched, and the party relieved what they believed to be the captain of his head. They also retrieved his vambraces, which seemed to have a vampiric effect on nearby enemies. While investigating the other tunnels, [[Azalea]] discovered a headless body with an enchanted couplet lain atop his chest. It read, “[[Christopher]] shared his wife’s bed, so he lost his head”. 

In the main chamber of the cavern, [[Karth]] and [[Amy]] conducted tests on the pool where the party saw a large shadow pass below its depths. Bodies of the knights were rolled into the pool, with the only response being a hand rising to the surface of the pool. On the hand, the pair found a ring with a cracked gem. Satisfied with their investigation, the two returned to the group to return to the capital. 

Upon arriving at the ever-closed portcullis of [[Luxen]], the guard standing watch refused to the let party in, claiming he did not have enough proof to let them in. As they argued, a lackadaisical voice from behind called for the guards to open the gate at once. The party saw a woman with midnight hair, a dress bodice and corset wrapped around her, a long, open skirt, a furred white cloak with a sun, and a staff at her back. The woman also had dark blue eyes and a dark mark adorning her cheek. Recognizing the group as the one [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] assisted, she demanded the guards let them in. They obeyed at once. The woman told the party that if they ever have trouble again, tell the guards [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] gives her blessing. 

At the palace, the party offered the head to [[Vis]] and [[Nizima|Zin]], who seemed clear-headed at the time. The information about the strange body and poem they found was also offered. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] mentioned he has seen a few bodies like that before, and that couples sometimes wander toward the [[Haunted Mansion]] to the west, never to be seen again. He said they could perhaps be connected. [[Nizima|Zin]]’s eyes began to glaze over and dart, but said he would very much like to know the meaning of these knights, and asked the party to investigate on his behalf. Upon hearing of their troubles getting into the city, [[Vis]] gave each of the party a seal with his crest (a crown with a goatee), granting them access to the city and the guest mansion in the palace courtyard. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] set off from the palace to find [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], seemingly confused as to why she was outside of the city. The party set off to resupply and have items investigated. When some of the group decided to come back to the palace to investigate the councilor chairs and their fires, they spotted [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] standing by a tree speaking to [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]. He touched her arm for a moment, and she trailed off to the palace, going toward the far tower behind [[Nizima|Zin]]’s throne where [[Vis]] earlier said [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s quarters would be found. While lingering on the chairs and braziers, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] chatted with the group for a moment and stepped outside. When the few members of the group decided to leave, they noticed [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] with their feet draped into a pond, laughing in each other’s company. 

When the group regrouped, [[Ed]] offered he may have a mission waiting for him at the base of the [[Cracked Talon Company]]. The party headed toward the southeast portion of [[Luxen]], where the mercenaries headquartered. Once inside the [[Cracked Talon Company|Cracked Talon]] building, [[Ed]] was ushered deeper inside by someone named [[Eyepatch]], to speak with someone named [[Old Man]]. [[Old Man]] gave [[Ed]] the mission of finding [[Borum]], the man who burned a camp of [[Cracked Talon Company|Cracked Talon]] members, killing most of them. Accepting the bounty and information that he often wandered around the [[Mythical Forest]], the party set off from [[Luxen]] once again toward the [[Haunted Mansion]] to the west. Along the way, the party stopped at the magical elven town of [[Falen]] to resupply, then crossed the bridge northward toward the mansion. 

After most of a day’s travel north, the party found a sign in front of a stone path leading off into a canopied, organized grouping of trees. The path grew too dark to see where it led. The sign in front read, “Keep out”. The party ventured into the darkness.