The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]], their allies, and the escapees from [[Luxen]] arrived at the walls of [[Barba]] in the foothills of the [[Altas Mountains]]. The walls, buildings, and even the knights of the city were covered with intricate patterns and colors, giving the entire city a sense of luxury. [[Orlos]], the councilor that had previously appeared to be an ally of [[Vis]]’s, greeted them at the gates with open arms and knights ready to assist. Feigning muteness at The [[Rectifier Vote]], [[Orlos]] now spoke openly, explaining his need to put up a facade for [[Vis]]. He and his knights led them into the city and into the keep to rest. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and [[Orlos]] continued to his office while The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]], [[Vint]], The Gunslinger, and [[Revelrae]] were guided to a large suite to rest.

After some discussion, the group decided they should gather the [[Anchors]] and visit [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] with a feather. They retrieved the rose and book from [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], and brought [[Revelrae]] and [[Vint]] with them to The [[Magerony|Solstice Magerony]].

The party found [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] dressing to travel, but she stopped to speak to them. They recapped her on all that had happened since last they met. She grew angry at their dealings with [[The Red Inquisitor]], and even brandished her staff against [[Vint]] for letting them continue to do business with him. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was calmed down, but she warned them to stop speaking to the strange warlock in the future. The group also learned it was in fact [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] that pulled [[Audrea]] from the hellscape in which she was cast adrift, though she knew nothing of [[Audrea]]’s past either.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] also seemed intrigued by [[Viv]], the woman that took [[Cess]]’s [[Anchors|Anchor]]. After the group described her appearance, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] began searching through some books. After a few minutes, she shared a story of an old, arrogant [[Magerony|Mageron]] that tried to fly one of their flying ships all the way to the silvery sphere in the night sky. Some say he made it there, but regardless, he came back extremely sick. His skin had faded to a purple-blue, his organs had melted to liquid. With this new information, everyone believed they now had an avenue to destroy the [[Anchors]], if what [[Viv]] claimed was true. To confirm the theory, [[Gale]] handed over the map fragments retrieved from [[Skywalker]] and [[Count Blackrose|Blackrose]]. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] called forth an enchanted looking glass and stared straight at the moon, comparing it to the two sheets of parchment. She told the party to look for themselves. What they saw were matching landmarks on the silver surface. 

On the topic of [[Anchors]], [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] asked if they had reconsidered whether they want her to cast the costly spell to learn more about the active [[Anchors]]. The party begrudgingly agreed to have her cast the spell, reckoning that the cost would be lesser than the cost of not knowing more about this evil. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] cast the ritual spell from a magic circle, calling forth blood and life-force from some other section of her tower… She told the group she reached ten [[Anchors]] in total, including those they already had encountered. She told she saw words on a page...knights of shadow….clinking metal...smoke...grinding metal. 

Before the party decided to return to [[Matar]] with their new knowledge, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] told them that perhaps there were relics of strong [[Matar|Mataran]] magic still in [[Matar]] that could help them face such strong [[Doom Magic]], if that was something they needed. With that, the party was cast back to [[Matar]]. 

When The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] returned to [[Matar]], they found themselves well rested, and the sun risen. They ventured over to [[Orlos]]’s office to speak with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]. As they were entering, [[Orlos]] was leaving with an assistant. He absent-mindedly regarded them as he ordered his assistance to open the taverns and require citizens to house [[Luxen]] refugees. Inside the office, they found [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] asleep on a couch while [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] stood outside on the balcony. Before they could speak to either, a note on the desk lit up with a magic light and a voice entered the air. 

The voice was [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s. He had written an endearing note for [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] in the chance that he died. In it, he spoke of times the two had shared and named her Lady of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]]. The note was ended with [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s full name, including his [[Magerony|Mageron]] surname. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] entered the room, dried tears on her face, and apologized, stating she thought she had put the note away. Resolute, she immediately roused [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] and had him restate his report for The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. In all, it seemed that only three-fourths of the Knights of [[Luxen]] made it out, a little more than that for the mages, and a little over half of the citizens were accounted for. After the report, [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] asked to be caught up to speed on what they had learned from [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]. On the topic of magical relics that could help, she mentioned perhaps exploding the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] airship with strong fire magic, or drowning the corrupted [[Dragons|dragon]] in water. She added that they may find something related to fire magic in abandoned [[Scarlet]] fortresses, but said that the councilor of [[Amanta]] would know more when they arrived. With that, she ordered [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] to begin readying what [[Luxen|Luxenians]] wished to continue on to [[Amanta]] along with the knights and mages. She told The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] to meet her later in the day in [[Orlos]]’s keep’s courtyard to leave. 

With a few hours to spare, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] journeyed to the wealthy marketplace to purchase goods and supplies. Once resupplied, they decided to use [[Karth]]’s storytelling magic to re-battle the skeletal [[Dragons|dragon]] they had fought in [[Cess]]’s realm to keep their muscles trained. Inside the storybook The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] were pulled.

With the [[Dragons|dragon]] dispatched, the party began to return to the real world through a magical tunnel, but were ambushed by strange figures wielding daggers… 