[[The Rectifiers]] burst forth from their cell with [[Maron]] running to the [[goblin]] to tackle it to the ground. As soon as he had, the [[goblin]] seemed to deactivate. Its body went limp, and the red light in his mechanical eye went dead. Not long thereafter, a crack in the wall from across the metal door began to open from deep purple and golden bolts of lightning. The wood splintered, and a projection of [[Sarin Kor]] stepped through. He told the band of heroes that the metal door across the brig would be a more direct path to the [[Candidates|Candidate]], but there would be more confrontation with its minions. The crack he had made, however, would cut through the underbelly of the ship. There, they would find more strange locks and contraptions, but they would face fewer enemies on their way. [[The Rectifiers]] chose the underbelly.

They exited the brig onto a metal catwalk overlooking an immense pool of purple liquid. The liquid moved slowly and bubbled ominously, giving it a magma-like appearance. [[The Rectifiers]] assumed they should avoid this [[Doom Magic|Doom]] concoction and carefully walked along the catwalk to a metal door across the immense chamber. The door opened automatically at their approach. When they entered the following room, [[Sarin Kor]]’s apparition vanished. He had warned them some areas may be too powerful for him to cut through with his spell. 

In this room, [[the Rectifiers]] spied a metal, double doors with countless amounts of rotating metal contraptions surrounding it. Above these were six buttons of glass, and on the floor were six depressible metal buttons. Through some clever thinking, [[the Rectifiers]] discovered the buttons on the floor would cause some of the rotating metal objects to either start rotating or cease rotating. They had to find the correct amount to unlock the door within six inputs, for each time they pressed a floor button, one of the glass indicators lit up with a green light. Once all six lights were green, the buttons and metal objects would reset. 

As they worked out possible solutions, some of the metal flaked away from the objects around the door, revealing depictions of some of the [[Anchors]] they had encountered. Two of these that were disconnected from all others depicted images of shadowy knights and one of the objects itself, two [[Anchors]] they had not encountered. Eventually, the solution was found to be eight, and the doors swung open. Interconnected, [[the Rectifiers]] now saw eight [[Anchors]] with the two they had not seen separated from those eight. They were unsure what meaning this held, for one of the eight seemed to be a link of chain, and they had never encountered such an [[Anchors|Anchor]]. Confused yet relieved, [[the Rectifiers]] continued to the next chamber.

Here, they found themselves in a similar room to the one with the catwalk. They stood not quite 100 feet above a pool of the bubbling [[Doom Magic|Doom]] magma. Larger versions of the rotating metal objects rose out of the magma on metal pillars. [[The Rectifiers]] spied a door across the chamber, but the path to it was precarious. [[Gale]] and [[Azalea]] used their magic and ingenuity to leap to the next rotator after the party had caused the one on which they stood to rotate at an extraordinary speed. [[Maron]] and [[Audrea|Scorna]] made their careful way to the second rotator with a bridge made of ice magic, though they nearly fell in the process due to unsure footing. Now, they would have to find a way to continue ferrying themselves across the magma that bubbled in hunger from below...