[[The Rectifiers]] fought bravely against their would-be comrade and would-be villain. The battle was hard-fought, and some of [[The Rectifiers]] suffered injuries at the hands of past-[[Saren]] and past-[[Audrea]]. Though they defeated [[Saren]] and [[Audrea]], one of the lingering knights of [[Luxen]], empowered by watching the Lord of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]] be bested, fired just the arrow he needed to strike down [[Audrea]]. The arrow pierced her heart, and she fell. Blood poured onto the grass while [[The Rectifiers]] neutralized the remaining knight. 

As the heroes gathered around their dying ally, the poison they had been given by [[Viv]] in [[Cess]]’s realm began to glow brightly. [[Audrea]] could hardly speak through the blood, but she reached for it. [[Gale]] obliged and nursed the poison to [[Audrea]] as a last ditch hope. Once consumed, it seemed to cause great pain to [[Audrea]], and she vanished in a mist of purple.

[[The Rectifiers]] cleaned their weapons amidst their unconscious opponents while they waited to see what had happened to their ally. Shortly thereafter, [[Audrea]] reappeared, though she looked quite different. Her robes and armor had been warped to darker, purple shades. Her golden hair now bore a pale purple shade. Her eyes even glowed the same. [[Audrea]]’s magic, which had been the white-gold glow of the [[Sarah|Stewardess]], now had tinges of what seemed like [[Doom Magic]] in it. 

She explained that she had been transported to a pale gray stone temple. It held seven braziers with blazing purple fires burning in five of them. Two of them were extinguished, only embers. [[Audrea]] arrived, still dying, to be greeted by [[Viv]] and a short-haired, bearded man bearing two swords known as [[Galen]]. He seemed to have the same touch of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] that [[Viv]] did. [[Viv]] had a large bowl in her hands and quickly explained to [[Audrea]] that this was her only hope to continue living, but that she would be changed and touched forever by [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. The mysterious elven woman even added that it would indeed eventually claim [[Audrea]] for good. [[Audrea]] agreed, knowing she still had good work that needed doing. [[Audrea]] explained that when she consumed the concoction that consisted of the embers of the extinguished braziers, she was transformed into what [[The Rectifiers]] now saw. [[Audrea]] no longer, she said she had been given a new name of [[Audrea|Scorna]]. 

[[Viv]] had told [[Audrea]] that they believed her, and [[Galen]] had found the [[Temple of the Founders]] and the braziers that were tied to their life forces, though [[Viv]] added that it could not be true given that only two were extinguished. She and [[Galen]] concluded that they were unsure to what these fires were actually tied. The pair gave [[Audrea]] a ring that would allow her to return to the Embers, which [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had told [[The Rectifiers]] would destroy [[Anchors]]. 

After the heroes had been caught up, past-[[Audrea]] began to awake, only to witness a crystal of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] cut through [[Saren]]’s chest, apparently killing him. [[Weaver]] found this exchange amusing, for he got up from the log and hovered near [[Audrea|Scorna]]. Past-[[Audrea]] cried in anger at her love’s death, swore she would have revenge, and grabbed the Book of [[Doom Event|Doom]] that [[Saren]] had held. She began to read through the spells, and she could not be dissuaded. [[Weaver]] picked up [[Saren]]’s white-gold dirk and handed it to [[Audrea|Scorna]], asking her if she would absorb the power her past self was trying to gain, or become something else and use what he had just put in her hand. [[Audrea|Scorna]] was resolute, and she knew what her mission was. She drove the dirk into her past self, preventing the book from further corruption. With that, the group’s tribulation was over, much to [[Weaver]]’s dismay at the option chosen. They were warped back to his strange tower. 

Now, the only door that remained was the Apex. Before they could step forward, a crack of lightning tore through the veil of the air, opening a tear. A dark-haired woman stepped through, the blue of her magic and eyes glowing bright. They recognized [[Sariel]], the sister of [[Selina]] who had helped them in the past. She seemed distressed and spoke quickly. She offered the group a bundle of supplies as she warded off strange fiery spells. Before she could really answer any meaningful questions, the spell faded. Resupplied and with the strange objects they received from each of their chambers in hand, they journeyed to whatever hell awaited beyond. 

Through the door, they were warped to what appeared to be the top of the tower. It held ominous, spiked arches around the perimeter, clouds below, and the silhouette of what they presumed to be Render flying even higher above. On the floor were oddly shaped metal platforms and a lever embedded in a stone tablet to the side. Eventually, [[The Rectifiers]] decided the strange objects they received, such as eyes, scales, and wings, should be placed upon the metal platforms. They tried various combinations, but nothing ever happened with the lever. After some time, lightning would charge the lever, after which they would hear an amount of clicks once the lever was pulled. [[The Rectifiers]] continued to work out how to proceed...