With the hill claimed and the siege weapons ready, [[the Rectifiers]] split into two groups. Some of them would man the weapons and guide the knights and mages to targets while the rest of [[the Rectifiers]] would fight at the front of the hill to keep it safe. A countless amount of abominations, [[Doom Event|Doom]]-knights, and beasts were slain by siege weapons and blade alike. [[The Rectifiers]] even managed to take down a [[Doom Event|Doom]]-corrupted elephant that appeared to be housing knights inside the crystals atop its back. The initial group of [[Doom Event|Doom]] forces had been defeated. The rest of [[Matar]]’s host arrived to begin the storming of the gate.

[[The Rectifiers]] took the lead alongside the [[Luxen]] Knights and [[Amanta|Amantan]] Mages. They fought through the blood-covered fields outside [[Luxen]], nearing the gate with each kill. As they sliced through a few mounted combatants, a cry of warning came out from behind. “Elephant\!” it called, but the warning was too late. [[The Rectifiers]] were trampled and thrown to and fro. They managed to scoot away while their reinforcements tried to hold the beast at bay on foot. 

[[Calathan]] arrived to help, the dark fur on his shoulders soaked with evil blood. He called over horses, urging the heroes to try and topple the beast. It was decided that [[Duma Van]] would move in close with [[Audrea|Scorna]]’s support to summon stone pillars beneath one of the elephant’s feet. Concurrently, the mounted [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] would slice through the adjacent leg, ideally toppling the beast over. It was a bold plan, and [[Duma Van]] was thrown off his feet, but it was a success. The elephant came crashing down, spilling earth and crystal in every direction. Without hesitation, the lesser heroes of [[Matar]] piled onto the beast, killing it. The field before the gate was clear.

[[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] approached and began to craft plans alongside her [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] for punching a hole through the crystal-reinforced walls. Before anything could be decided, there came a volley of purple spells and projectiles from across the wall. The magical artillery that was supposed to be focused on the fleet to the south had moved east, a development the heroes wished to not face. Knights and mages were eviscerated, incinerated, and slaughtered by the barrage of missiles. Some mages tried to return fire and hold barriers while the frontline tried to retreat. 

All nearly seemed lost shortly before bad seemingly became worse. A purple crack of lightning appeared in the air to the north. It emanated evil energy. The sparks tore open a rip, revealing a portal. A womanly silhouette stepped through, a crystal on her chest burning with purple intensity. Her eyes burned with purple fire. [[Revelrae]] had arrived to [[Luxen]], calling forth mighty [[Doom Event|Doom]] magic to enter the fray. [[The Rectifiers]] she had indeed betrayed them, and they would face not only a barrage of magic artillery, but a [[Candidates|Candidate]] as well. To their surprise, dark red flames poured through the portal, striking the walls and towers of the eastern gate. [[Revelrae]] had torn open this portal to transport Councilor [[Mira]] and her mages south. It was a welcome sight, and their powers combined with the forces already present toppled the walls and towers where the evil mages were fortified. At last, all was quiet on this field of battle under the dark storm of the ever-approaching [[Fourth Doom]]. 

[[The Rectifiers]] welcomed [[Mira]] and [[Revelrae]], but the reunion was short as [[Mira]] commanded her mages to blast a hole in the eastern gate. The [[minotaur]] mages of [[Minos]] would conjure a stone bridge to cross the [[Doom Event|Doom]]-magma moat. Before going forward, [[the Rectifiers]] paused to strategize the taking of [[Luxen]].   
While they discussed, [[Revelrae]] channeled her powers yet again to gain insight into the city. She reported that there were two mighty presences near the palace, and three other presences to the north, west, and south. [[The Rectifiers]] decided both orders of [[Amanta]] would hold the gate plaza once they entered the city. Once they were inside, they would plan further, but they knew they would try to take out the final [[Candidates|Candidate]]’s captains before assaulting the palace.

[[The Rectifiers]] took position on the southern side of the conjured, stone bridge while [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and her [[Crownguard]] took position on the north, for they feared what may emerge from the surface when their forces crossed… 