Having survived the incident at the [[Ancient Skies]], the new not-yet-party settled into a relatively quiet life. Despite very few of the members knowing one another, they all received the same letter, addressed to each of them personally.

> Your journey will begin in the Head Library of [[Triven]].
> -The [[Saren|Harbinger]]

The letters held no seal or identifying markers. As the party arrived at the library, they warily began to meet one another, realizing they all held an identical summons. A cloaked figure smoking a pipe seemed to take some interest in their gathering. After a couple of hours, 8 more hooded figures entered the library. One by one, the party was rendered unconscious by the new visitors.

The party awakened in a cavern bound to a stalagmite. The dark knights that had kidnapped them told them they wanted the book the [[Minotaur]] of the group had. Though they found the book, it was rendered blank when they touched it. Having retrieved a letter opened that fell through a small opening above, [[Maron]] freed the party from their bindings. The small group of knights that stood guard over the party were defeated. The party fled from the cave rather than investigate further.

Outside the cave, the party was met yet again by the cloaked figure smoking a pipe. He revealed himself as [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]], Lord of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]]. He told the party that he was sent by [[Nizima|King Zin]] to retrieve them, though he had no knowledge of any [[Saren|Harbinger]] when the party asked. Additionally, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] revealed these knights called themselves The [[Darkpetal Knights]], though they held no home base. They did, however, all bear the same distinguishing scar spanning their forearm. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] guided the party to the capital of [[Luxen]]. 

In the palace of [[Luxen]], the party met [[Nizima|King Zin]] and the councilor of [[Luxen]], [[Vis]]. The king seemed absentminded, his eyes darting around. His hair had withered. Almost all of his defining silver coloring was gone. He regarded the party but asked for strange names: “[[Ralcan]]” and “[[Pakka]]”. He seemed convinced the party had placed him on the throne, and that they were these people. The party remained confused.

While they let the king gather his thoughts, the party spoke with [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] in the guest lounge of the palace. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] revealed he was no fan of the king, and that there were two others with royal blood in their veins, Prince [[Aurum]] and [[Sariel]], the [[Half-Dragon]]. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] offered a partnership to see [[Nizima|Zin]] off the throne for the good of [[Matar]] but told the party they need not “choose” at this time. [[Nizima|Zin]] and [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] agreed to send the party after the cavern of [[Darkpetal Knights]] to dispatch them and learn what they could. 

The party bade the king, councilor, and [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] farewell as they journeyed into [[Luxen]] to resupply.