The projected face [[the Rectifiers]] had affected with their completion of one of the whirring compartments began to speak with clarity rather than electricity. It spoke strangely, stating that the “[[Vinda]] Protocol” was being terminated. Yet again, this [[Candidates|Candidate]] had no memory of his past name or life. This [[Candidates|Candidate]], who they now knew was once a would-be hero, offered them boons for purifying the realm long enough for him to push through “[[Vinda]]” one last time. The ship and realm in which they found themselves was beginning to break apart, wood and metal exploding in every direction. 

Before escaping the realm, [[Vinda]] offered [[the Rectifiers]] his [[Anchors|Anchor]]: one of the spinning pieces of metal he called a “gear”. It emanated the usual purple magic. This [[Anchors|Anchor]] came with a caveat. [[Vinda]] explained that he had encoded the knowledge and seed needed to utilize the technology they had found aboard this vessel. It would spring [[Matar]] into an era of industry once it was decoded by mages. Should they choose to do this, the gear would have to remain in existence, alongside the corruption it bled. The alternative was of course to destroy it, but the knowledge contained within would be lost. Regardless, [[the Rectifiers]] needed to whisk the gear away from this place. As a final farewell, [[Vinda]] offered the group a warning about the next and final [[Candidates|Candidate]]. This [[Candidates|Candidate]]’s [[Anchors|Anchor]] was in the form of three captains that would be spread across [[Luxen]]. If these were to be slain before confronting the [[Candidates|Candidate]], he would be much weaker. [[The Rectifiers]] took the boons, knowledge, and [[Anchors|Anchor]] from [[Vinda]] and were whisked away from his [[Doom Event|Doom]] realm as it tore itself apart. 

[[The Rectifiers]] were flung out from the portal they entered at the front of the airship. As they landed in the now cratered earth, the airship let out a grand final explosion of purple and green fire, sending wooden and metal chunks raining down into the field. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] and their other allies helped them to their feet. It seemed [[Sarin Kor]] and [[Devan]]’s magic held the time dilation at bay. Only a few minutes had passed in the outside world. [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] called over a mage to help them gaze down upon their next target: [[Luxen]]. The mage enhanced a shard of glass to allow magnified sight. They spotted various horrors surrounding the old capital such as corrupted elephants, gangly humanoids, and [[Doom Event|Doom]]-knights on the backs of corrupted bears. Their first goal would be to take the hill right outside the walls to have footing for their siege equipment. [[The Rectifiers]] decided to take half of each of the [[Amanta|Amantan]] Knights and the [[Triven]] mages to capture the hill. The other halves would be dedicated to moving and finish building the siege equipment once the hill had been taken. The Gunslinger of Smoke would be in command of the siege team. 

While they waited for the siege equipment to be partially built, [[the Rectifiers]] used the respite to resupply from the traveling merchant Chase. They also decided to use this moment to pay [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] one final visit with the last feather. With [[Calathan]] in tow, they teleported themselves to the [[Magerony]].

The sight in [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s tower was not a pleasant one. The room was completely destroyed. Papers were flung about, furniture was overturned, and [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] was nowhere to be seen. The door was slightly ajar and two mages stood outside just down the hall. [[The Rectifiers]] quietly took a look around. Outside, all seemed normal. Ships were still flying, duels were still taking place. [[Karth]] investigated a chest that had a magical lock placed upon it. The top of the chest held the Rectifier symbol. Inside was a concoction of the blood samples [[Karth]] had given her. In a letter, she warned [[Karth]] to drink it at his own risk. Additionally, the letter held a foreboding final line: “Had to go. -[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]”.   
[[Karth]] drank the tonic, immediately dropping it on the floor and writhing in agony. [[The Rectifiers]] tried to quiet him before the two mages heard. Horns began to sprout from his head, similar to those [[Vint]] once had. Finally, the spell ended. [[Karth]], now horned and filled with a renewed vigor, got to his feet. There was little time to ponder everything they had seen here before the two mages burst into the room, staves at the ready. They were clearly [[Founder Loyalists]], and likely the ones that had ransacked [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s tower. [[Calathan]] drew his blade, but [[Karth]] acted quickly and used the feather [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had left in the chest to send them back to [[Matar]]. Thinking quickly at the same time, [[Duma Van]] rolled a crystal from the amulet he had purchased from [[The Red Inquisitor|The Red Inquisitor]] off to the side, hopefully as a means to return one day. With that, they left the [[Magerony]] to return home.

Before marching out, [[the Rectifiers]] also figured it would be best to destroy as many [[Anchors]] as possible before facing down [[Saren]]. [[Audrea|Scorna]] took [[Devan]]’s Dragonwing Book and [[Vinda]]’s Gear to the stone temple with the [[Embers of the Founders]]. She was gone for a short while, but returned successfully. Two more [[Anchors]] were destroyed. Now, with only three [[Anchors]] remaining in the world, [[the Rectifiers]] gathered their troops and marched upon [[Luxen]].

The battle to take the hill was a bloody and chaotic one. They faced the gangly humanoids that were far corrupted by [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. Bones cracked out of flesh, crystals of [[Doom Event|Doom]] sprouted all over their bodies. Upon closer inspection, some of them wore aprons, doublets, and other clothing fit to townsfolk. It was a horrifying proposal to kill these people, but there was nothing for it. It would be a mercy for how far gone they were. The dwarves and mages fought bravely alongside [[the Rectifiers]] and claimed the hill with only marginal casualties. The siege team began to move the engines to the hill. 

Once the siege team and the Gunslinger had arrived and began to build the final machines, the forces of [[Doom Event|the Doom]] seemed to take notice. Some Knights and other, more coherent-looking agents of [[Doom Event|Doom]] gathered a force of the gangly dregs and marched toward the hill to reclaim it. [[The Rectifiers]] decided to face down these more intelligent agents while the dwarves and mages focused on the dregs. The battle was harrowing and these agents powerful, but [[the Rectifiers]] yet again claimed victory over [[Doom Event|the Doom]]. Though the field in front of them was still littered with beasts, agents, and abominations of [[Doom Event|the Doom]], they had claimed their second victory in what would be a long battle...