With all the votes cast, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] lowered the chandelier with the multi-chromatic fire to tally them. One-by-one, the small flames sprung forth from the flame to rest in his palm. Each either turned a vibrant green or a deep red, depending on the vote. The following cities voted in favor: [[Triven]], [[Silva]], [[Olus]], [[Minos]], [[Elden]], [[Ibolus]], [[Locations/Matar/Aequor/index]], [[Elisi]], [[Grandos]], [[Haven]], [[Amanta]], [[Seduzi]], [[Necopi]], [[Syreni]], [[Dracen]], [[Naviga]], [[Illeta]], [[Velum]], and [[Viriden]]. The following voted against: [[Luxen]], [[Barba]], [[Navis]], [[Piscis]], [[Apillus]], [[Pravus]], [[Frios]], [[Inferna]], [[Sulan]], [[Ignis]], [[Atrae]], and [[Draconis]]. With the councilor votes tallied, the numbers stood at 19 in favor and 12 against. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] called forth the four golden flames of the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]]. Surprisingly, [[Talla]] voted against, while the remaining three voted in favor. With the 22 needed votes secured, the motion passed. Applause from the in-favor voters and their entourages pierced the chamber. Strangely enough, even slow, rhythmic clapping echoed from [[Nizima|Zin]]’s throne. A slight smile appeared on his lips. 

[[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] drew his blade and began to officially appoint the first [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. [[Gale]], [[Sarin Kor]], [[Karth]], [[Amy]], [[Vesselia|Ves]], [[Maron]], [[Azalea]], [[Cavo]], and [[Vint]] were all appointed. With some deliberation, [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] explained he had to withhold his offer to [[Ed]] and [[Walter]] as he was quite displeased with things they offered or said. He continued by saying they simply needed to earn his trust again before he could extend a position. Yet again, more applause echoed through the throne room as [[The Rectifiers]] were officially presented as such.

As things began to wind down in the throne room, a seemingly exhausted courier rushed in, presenting a letter addressed to [[The Rectifiers]]. It was written in a strange purple-blue enchanted ink. [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] mentioned that they should retire to their tower as some new things await them. He also stated that he would extend an offer to The Gunslinger of Smoke to take a seat at the [[Crownguard|Kingsguard]] if he would have it. With letter in-hand, the party took the magical lift, their selection now bearing the new symbol of the hand holding a cracked crown together, to their chambers. 

In their section of the tower, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] found new regalia bearing their logo, a banquet lain out, and The Gunslinger of Smoke gazing from the balcony. [[Gale]] spoke with The Gunslinger, and [[Maron]] ventured to his room for a moment while the others feasted. [[Maron]] returned with different armor equipped, though the group did not question him. Once they had been sated, the party decided to open the letter they had received. 

> She sleeps soundly. -[[Resolutia]]

Though they had very little to go on, the party assumed this letter’s subject was [[Selina]] and that she was in danger. They formed a plan of what to do and ventured to [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]]’s chambers. Upon arrival, he and [[Talla]] were in the midst of a somber conversation, but she left at the sight of [[The Rectifiers]]. As the party began to recap [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] on their plans, there came a knock on the door. In strolled a short gentleman with salt-and-pepper and quite long sideburns. He wore the scholarly clothing of [[Triven]] and glasses on his face. He was a rather frantic speaking fellow carrying several books. He dropped them on a table and introduced himself as [[Harvey]], a law expert newly appointed by [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] as “Liaison to the Crown”. 

[[Harvey]] began to further explain the powers of The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]]. In general, they acted as one step above the fighting forces of each city. Whether those orders respected their authority would vary from city to city as it stood. Their main power was the ability to reverse or change any decree or order set forth by the King that is causing some harm to the country. 

The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] began a plan of decrees to begin to set their country in order. They were as follows:

- Transfer oversight of the Royal Treasury back to [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] (away from [[Vis]]).
- Grant ownership of the general store plot in the [[Royal Market Square]] to [[Zaro]].
- Open [[Luxen]] back up to normal business before [[Vis]] closed it.
- Re-open the [[Luxen]] Harbor for its forces.
- Send an offer to refugees outside [[Luxen]] for various migration opportunities:
	- Dwarves who wished to become mages/workers/guards for [[Amanta]]
	- Single men who wished to start a life in [[Syreni]]
	- Families who wished to settle in [[Necopi]]
	- Any seeking to become a knight or fighter for the city of [[Ibolus]] against its [[goblin]] problems
	- The party decided [[Cavo]] would venture south and serve as Commander

As [[Harvey]] began drafting these orders, [[Vint]] declared he could oversee the ships from the harbor carrying the refugees northeast, while the party took a faster ship in the night to [[Pravus]] where they assumed [[Selina]] was in danger. With their plans in order, The [[The Rectifiers|Rectifiers]] resupplied as [[Harvey]] began to send out the missives to criers and knights. They said their goodbyes. [[Amy]] gifted [[Cavo]] a token of her favor for him to come back safely, and [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] said he would speak with The Gunslinger of Smoke in their absence. With that, the party joined the already-formed train of folks heading to the docks near [[Luxen]].

[[The Rectifiers]] arrived at the [[Luxen]] harbor and found it already bustling with activity from knights preparing it for the upcoming voyage. Countless ships dotted the massive structure, water lapped against the sturdy wood of the ships. A man in white armor with a sun emblazoned upon the chest approached. He introduced himself as [[Knight Captain Haven]] of the [[Knight Order]] of [[Luxen]]. He had long orange hair and a thick beard. He pointed out the small, sleek ship they would use on their special mission, heading out before the refugees. Deciding that no additional knights would need to accompany them, the party additionally decided [[Walter]] would steer the ship. With that, [[Knight Captain Haven|Haven]] nodded and returned to commanding his knights. [[Vint]] arrived with one last message before they left. He gave [[Karth]] a small crystal and told him to use it to send a flare of fire to alert him they were ready to take the ships onward to [[Velum]] and [[Viriden]]. Until then, he would wait in the [[Frozen Lagoon]] with the fleet. [[Vint]] bade them farewell and began to meditate in a corner of the harbor. [[The Rectifiers]] set sail.

Several hours into their excursion, snow began to fall. The night was calm until the party heard rustling in the rather small cargo hold. When they went to investigate, they found nothing, though those remaining topside began to call out. Dark hands began to clamber over the side of the boat. When they were fully aboard, the party saw five figures with tall black hoods and smooth iron masks. They bore daggers fashioned in the likeness of [[Dragons|dragon]] wings. Battle ensued, and [[The Rectifiers]] emerged victorious. They questioned the assumed leader as his daggers and mask faded into smoke. 

“You don’t even have it, do you?” he coughed. “The artifact?” The party offered their confusion, and the man replied by saying that they were after an artifact they found in [[Greth’s Tower]]. As some members began to list off some of the items they found, [[Karth]] ended the discussion by asking another question. Ignoring that, as he seemed satisfied, the hooded man sent forth a red and gray orb of smoke into the sky. It flew off into the night. With that, [[Ed]] drove his blade into the man’s neck. [[The Rectifiers]] began to toss the bodies overboard until one coughed back to consciousness and begged not to be drowned. Trying to garner more information from this one, the party dangled him over the side of the boat. He explained they did not originally know what the artifact would be, but the information they gave the man [[Ed]] killed was enough. Frustrated, [[Karth]] dispatched the man from this world, and he was thrown overboard. With this new unsettling event added in their long journey, [[Walter]] steered the group ever onward into the cold waters of the north…