The marketplace level stayed frozen, seemingly protected by the stasis, despite the demon being shattered by [[the Dragonguard]]. With their party thawed, they continued to the fourth level housing the gardens. 

On the gardens level, they found the woods completely afflicted by [[Doom magic]]. In the central clearing, the grounds floor was frozen over, and three towering, animated mushrooms stood watch. In between them, [[Sovier]] stood suspended in the protective spell lain over the temple. [[The Dragonguard]] utilized the slick, frozen floor to destroy the animated mushrooms spewing the [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]] throughout the grounds. Once they were destroyed, the spores receded on this level as well, and [[Sovier]] was unfrozen. She seemed to be completely unaware of the attack from the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], but she quickly joined the party to continue the ascension. 

The waystation was deserted. It was also afflicted by the [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]], and the only two mirrors [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had enchanted were static. Finding nothing else, the party continued to the war room. 

In the war room, [[the Dragonguard]] found [[Lambert]] suspended in stasis engaged with a [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]]. Three of the four bridges leading to the outside towers were completely frozen solid, leaving only the relic tower’s bridge open. While investigating a glowing shard of ice on the balcony, [[Arturo]] had an outburst while grasping [[Aksell]]’s shoulders, saying, “Descend into shadow…”. The voice that came from him did not seem to be his own. He seemed aware of what he had said but did not know why. The party was unsure if it was connected to the odd chain he possessed, or if the presence within was reacting to the mysterious stone they had acquired earlier from [[Mirina]]. [[The Dragonguard]] decided it was in their best interest to finish neutralizing the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] before awakening anything further. 

 In the relic tower, they found the room suspended in the middle of an attack. [[Gabriel]] and [[Wren]] stood near the protective glass dome table, bracing themselves. On the balcony above, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stood in front of a recoiling [[Corvus]], still recovering from his wound from the Corrector. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s hand was opened, planning to stop a bolt of purple starlight racing toward [[Corvus]]. Even the bolt itself was frozen in time, and in front of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s palm was a pale blue and golden clock. The only movement in the room was a final [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]] pacing around [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] and [[Corvus]].

The figure did not wear his hood and mask, had long graying hair tied in a ponytail, a graying beard, and purple eyes twinkling with the same, strange light. He introduced himself as Starseeker Galileo. He wore a dark cape bearing a purple [[Dragons|dragon]] with two sets of wings: one of a [[Dragons|dragon]], and one of a moth. While speaking with one another, [[the Dragonguard]] learned that this branch of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] gained their power from a figure he called the “Guiding Star”. This branch followed this new leader after losing their last one during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]], [[Borum]]. Galileo continued that their new powers came from this Guiding Star figure, though they did not know who this figure was, or what the Guiding Star’s intentions were. The Loyalists intended to find their newly resurrected, Former [[Selina|Queen Selina]], and bestow this new power upon her, causing her to be “completed” as Galileo explained it. 

Galileo had hoped [[the Dragonguard]] would provide him information on [[Selina]], sensing traces of [[Sariel]]’s magic upon them. They provided very little, which disappointed Galileo who seemed to slightly enjoy the chat. He drew his greatsword and battle began. Galileo wielded a powerful burst of starlight fire, could summon the insect-fused weaponry, and his blade was crafted of a strange metal. The battle was harrowing, but [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious, [[Vespello]] striking a fatal shot to the Loyalist’s gut. Even in his final moments, he longed to follow the Guiding Star.

As Galileo’s body fell to the floor, the [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]] receded, and the stasis magic began to fade away. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] resumed her stance, catching the deadly bolt of [[Doom magic]] in her palm, pleased to see [[the Dragonguard]] arrive. With the danger of the temple neutralized, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s Court members and [[the Dragonguard]] tended to their wounds while catching one another up on their journey.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] fussed over [[Corvus]]’s wound while [[the Dragonguard]] explained what had happened in the temple, while Regal and [[Sovier]] had silently vanished to perform unspoken duties. When [[the Dragonguard]] mentioned the odd phrase they saw on the frozen marketplace level, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] froze, trading a quick glance with [[Corvus]]. She explained that was a saying of [[Founders|the Founders]] while they were still united. She said they even wove the saying into the spell formula for their [[Drop of Creation]]. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] mused, speaking about the suspension magic that was not hers, that perhaps her ancestor still looked out for her, wherever he remained after being subdued by the other [[Founders]]. 

[[The Dragonguard]] then moved to their original mission of finding the relics holding the Mageron enchantment to dilute [[Locations/Matar/index|Mataran]] magic. The relics were handed over for [[Wren]] and [[Gabriel]] to investigate, though [[Vespello]] paused briefly, hoping that his mother’s ring would not be destroyed in the process. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] destroyed the calcified electrosite to reveal another ring hidden within. With the relics handed over, [[the Dragonguard]] returned to the manor to rest, finding Regal already had the manor returned to working order. 

[[The Dragonguard]]’s rest was interrupted abruptly the following morning by [[Wren]], of all people. She seemed on-edge but said they had cracked the formula. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] had also requested their presence immediately. The retinue quickly rushed up to the relic tower, using the waystation mirrors for quick travel. The top level of the temple seemed deserted, or perhaps cleared out. No Mageron guards stood at their usual posts. As they crossed the bridge to the relic tower, [[the Dragonguard]] could see flashing lights spewing out of the windows. 

Inside the tower, the four Magerons in [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s inner circle stood solemnly by the entrance. As [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Wren]] entered, [[Lambert]] silently shut the door behind them. [[Gabriel]] stood in awe, gazing at the glowing runes of chromatic light dancing above him. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] paced around, reading the indecipherable runes. The relics sat contained in the glass dome, all spilling out colorful light into the master formula: red, black, purple, silver, white, gold, and many others. [[Gabriel]] fetched his journal to start etching the formula, but [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] immediately incinerated the pages in a flash of golden flames. She said the formula was dangerous and she would have to decrypt it herself. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] pulled sections of the formula down to translate for the present party. The first two she said, “Break the helix in two,” and “Reforged by the New Gods.” She paused as she pulled a third section of the formula. She recited, “May the Blood of your Bone ignite the Path.” She explained she would personally take this formula and convert it to a protective spell to defend against the debilitating magic, then she would encrypt it to keep it safe. The spell, she continued, tears down Matarans to their basest level, burning all their magic away. She said this spell was where [[Founders|the Founders]] first tasted godhood, what put them on their dark road to their greatest hubris, the first version of the [[Drop of Creation]] itself: A Drop of a Drop…