[[The Dragonguard]] set down in [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s gondola in front of the [[Scarlet Temple]]. Even the dirt displaced by the gondola’s path stayed suspended. The party delved inside, beyond the strange, non-corporeal orbs of [[Doom magic]]. On closer inspection, the orbs seemed different from the Corrector’s in that they seemed to twinkle with brilliant white lights scattered within them.

Inside the residential level, they found several Magerons, some with their weapons drawn, frozen mid-run toward the entrance. [[Doom Magic|Doom]] orbs littered the inside of the Temple as well. In the distance, [[the Dragonguard]] could hear skittering and muffled voices, so they decided to head toward their manor to investigate. 

Upon arriving in the fountain square in front of the manor, they saw a clock made of pale blue, white, and gold magic stuck at 12 o’clock above the fountain. Beyond that, attempting to gain ingress to their manor, were [[Doomqueen Loyalists]]. The Loyalists wore dark purple metal armor and deep purple robes. Their hoods were black and came to a point behind their heads. On their faces were nearly featureless silver masks, identical to the one [[Vinio]] always carried. Flanking the Loyalists were overgrown insects, all with purple carapaces, their wings holding the same twinkling lights as the orbs. Their armor had a sigil of a three-pointed star. 

[[The Dragonguard]] decided to parlay with the Loyalists, to see if they could gather any information on what had happened or why they were here. They learned that the Loyalists brought the [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]], but that they too did not seem familiar with the suspension magic, almost as if it was some sort of defense mechanism against the Loyalists’ arrival. Upon mentioning familiarity with [[Mord]], the Loyalists claimed he was part of the old way, and they were better off forging ahead without him. They sought to complete their resurrected queen, [[Selina]], as she was not in the form they desired when she returned 10 years ago. [[The Dragonguard]] also gathered that more of the Loyalists had made it deeper into the Temple. Once they reached the conclusion each side had very different ideals for [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]], [[the Dragonguard]] battled them, rendering the three Loyalists unconscious. Once they were indisposed, the ethereal clock moved forward three hours.

[[The Dragonguard]] found that the Manor had also been sealed by the mysterious magic, and [[Paola]] mentioned that it did not match with [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s power, even when she had large pools of blood to use. The group decided to neutralize the rest of the residential level of the Loyalists and insect familiars. Once they had defeated all remaining, unfrozen Loyalists, the clock in front of the manor moved one full rotation back to 12 o’clock. The Manor doors glowed, seemingly unsealed… 