[[The Dragonguard]] unsealed their manor, finding Regal and the other staff within. Regal slowly unfroze from the strange stasis and appeared to have been mid-spell to protect the manor. He mentioned no one had yet breached the manor before everything went dark, but he added that it felt as though some sort of venom had slipped in their veins, something [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s Court was not prepared to deal with after forsaking using blood slaves. Regal escorted [[Paola]] to the second floor to rest then readied himself to join [[the Dragonguard]] as they ascended the rest of the temple. The mirror connecting the waystation to the manor was also suspended in stasis.

On the second level of the temple, [[the Dragonguard]] found the training grounds also suspended and afflicted with [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]]. Several dozen Mageron and [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] were frozen mid-combat in front of the central fighting square, [[Lhant]] at the front of the Magerons, a slight smile on his face. On the training grounds, [[the Dragonguard]] spotted sets of weapons guarding caches. These weapons seemed to have been fused by some magic with the [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]] insect familiars. Regal surmised that if the weapons were destroyed, their magic may flow to [[the Dragonguard]] to enhance their abilities. [[The Dragonguard]] destroyed each set of weapons in combat, gaining a slight boon to their powers. 

The fight also seemed to cause the [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]] to recede slightly, and [[Lhant]] began to return to normal. [[The Dragonguard]] caught [[Lhant]] up on the attack, and he offered to join them if they chose. [[The Dragonguard]] opted for him to remain with his Magerons for when the battle resumed. [[Lhant]] mentioned that [[Sovier]] and [[Lambert]] should be somewhere higher in the temple, as well. The group continued upward.

The third level was the marketplace, which [[the Dragonguard]] found quite literally frozen in glaciers of ice. There did not appear to be any [[Doom Magic|Doom spores]] on this level, either. Along the threshold of the marketplace, glowing in a pale blue and golden light, was the phrase, “May the Blood of your Bone ignite the Path.” The group continued into the marketplace square where a central shard of ice contained a glowing golden light. 

When [[the Dragonguard]] reached the shard, they saw a horned, demon-like creature made of ice restrained by golden chains, frozen in the ice. Its eyes were closed. Embedded within its core was a pure gold light. In front of the glacier was a basin of ice with the same phrase above it, “May the Blood of your Bone ignite the Path,” though it was only pale blue here. After some thought, [[the Dragonguard]] offered drops of blood to the basin, though Regal warned them to be careful. After offering seven drops of blood to the basin, the demon frozen within awakened. It broke the golden chains and opened its golden eyes. 

An icy arena formed around it and [[the Dragonguard]], freezing Regal, Aifa, and [[Carla]] as well. [[The Dragonguard]] fought against the demon, finding it seemed at odds with itself. It would raise a fist to strike down a [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] but would frequently change its mind. Though it wielded the restrictive golden chains and exuded a debilitating freeze, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious. Before the demon shattered, it let out one last rasp that was a combination of multiple voices, saying, “May the Blood of your Bone ignite the Path.” The ice began to recede and [[the Dragonguard]]’s three companions began to thaw…