In the final tunnel the group had not explored, they found overgrown wasps tending to honeycombs filled with a glowing honey. The wasps would frequently inject their glowing venom into the honey. After killing the moths, [[the Dragonguard]] took a honeycomb sample. 

[[Ronotte]] shared the story of [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s mother, a fire mage from the city of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] named Imera. With much sadness in his voice, he revealed that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s birth had killed Imera. With clear pain behind his eyes, he lamented that he now has to silently watch [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] go through the same thing he did, but he could do nothing to help her. [[The Dragonguard]] urged him to reveal his true identity to her, but [[Ronotte]] did not seem convinced, at least while [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] was at war.

[[Celeste|Aurora]] paused a moment as well, seemingly disturbed by something, though she shared very little, even to [[Vespello]]. [[Ronotte]] pressed as well, saying he briefly felt greed magic with whatever presence touched [[Celeste|Aurora]] briefly. [[Celeste|Aurora]] seemed too disturbed to share, so the group continued to the rest of the hive. 

After some testing combinations with varying success, [[Arturo]] managed to taint the chunks of meat the impervious beetle was tending to with the venomous honey. When the beetle passed the meat to the worker ants, the entire group felt a rumble in the hive itself. [[Arturo]] also fetched a piece of the beetle’s chitin that had melted off from the venom.

After dealing with the beetle, [[Ronotte]] shared more of his past. He spoke of the day he left [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] on the doorstep of the councilor of [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]’s home. [[Ronotte]] said he regrets it to this day, and that he almost turned back, but that he couldn’t bear to see Imera in [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s face every day, at the time. [[Ronotte]] added that he kept an eye on her from afar, only recently joining her inner circle. He finished with a joke about how he nearly killed [[Londo Artlatta|Londo]] himself when the boy began to flirt with [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] at the Mage Order University in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]].

[[The Dragonguard]] finished tampering with the rest of the hive by dropping tapeworm eggs into the spore cocoons, liquefying the beetle shell in the venomous honeycombs, and dropping a spore cocoon into the vats of pus-like fluid. Once all four food stores were tampered with, the hive rumbled and additional tunnels opened, leading deeper within the hive. A rancid draft blew through. [[The Dragonguard]] and the Lord of the Queensguard delved within.

In the final chamber, the group beheld an enormous, bloated ant queen covered in gargantuan maws. Inside each maw was an abyss of rancid smells. Chunks of meat and food gunk dripped from each of the countless teeth. The ant queen had six glowing green eyes, and her pincers had turned to tendrils. The queen spoke, a combination of two voices: both the queen’s and the gluttony demon’s. The gluttony demon boasted of its beautiful form and mentioned that a silver-haired fellow had helped usher him into this vessel. The demon did little more speaking other than to say that the group would be consumed. 

Battle began, and [[Ronotte]] entered an enraged state with the [[Doomrot|Doomrot magic]] he could channel. He could render the Doomchitin weakened with much more ease. [[The Dragonguard]] valiantly cut down each of the queen’s worker ants, followed by the queen herself. [[Arturo]] cut up through the length of the demon, and it shrieked in agony as demon and insect were ripped apart… 