[[The Dragonguard]] received the band of [[Korrin]]’s crown back from [[Selina]] and learned that [[Doomqueen Loyalists|Doomqueen Loyalist]] activity was beginning to spread outside of the forest to the nearby towns. Hoping to neutralize the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] soon, [[the Dragonguard]] continued with Diluvia and [[Aura]] southwest toward the site of power [[Ronotte]] had investigated.

As they neared the site, the group spotted grotesque growths of what appeared to be rotting meat festering at the base of a tree. Maggots and flies swarmed the meat. [[The Dragonguard]] investigated, and [[Aksell]] cut into the strange growth, finding an insect within. The insect appeared to have been incubating in the meat, the beginnings of Doomchitin growing along its body. They decided to continue southward on foot, leaving Diluvia and [[Aura]] in a safe area in case they needed to get help.

As [[the Dragonguard]] delved deeper into the forest, they discovered countless more meat growths festering in the trees. A massive hive sat just off the trail, nearly 100 feet in diameter. Part of it appeared to be growing underground. As they investigated, an enlarged worker ant armored with Doomchitin emerged from the ground and attacked them. When the creature was struck down, its Doomchitin began to glow and regenerated the beast back to life. 

The beast was struck down a second time, only to begin regenerating again. Before it could, however, [[Ronotte]] glided down from above, his [[half-dragon]] features visible and his body in rare-seen armor pieces. He coalesced purple magic around him and his blade as he landed on the creature, and the magic seemed to shrivel the plates of Doomchitin. As [[Ronotte]] held the beast in a decaying state, [[the Dragonguard]] finished the job, finally killing the worker ant.

Though [[the Dragonguard]] wished to know how [[Ronotte]]’s magic could do such a thing, he urged them to help him destroy this hive, for it was growing at a quick rate. He promised the group he would reveal his secrets as they cut through the hive, for [[the Dragonguard]] had proven themselves heroes and allies countless times over. He admitted it was due time for him to prove his friendship as well.

[[The Dragonguard]] and the Lord of the Queensguard cut into the hive, delving into the home of these insects. [[Ronotte]] explained that there was a gluttony demon in the hive, and [[the Dragonguard]] revealed what they had seen at the excavation site with [[Calathan]]’s experiments. 

They found four different tunnels that all delved lower, each containing strange insects infected by both Doomchitin and the gluttony demon’s magic. In each one, a different food cache was being tended to, with worker ants ferrying the festering foods to a deeper location elsewhere. 

In the southernmost tunnel, [[the Dragonguard]] found overgrown moths infected by Doomchitin that were drawn to [[Vespello]]’s and [[Celeste|Aurora]]’s light magic. They were also tending to clusters of cocoons that worker ants would take to the deeper location. With [[Ronotte]]’s help, the group exterminated the moths, gathering a sample of an unfinished cocoon in case they needed it. 

Once the moths were defeated, [[Ronotte]] asked [[Amalia]] about her cat, [[Accala]]. He told her he could sense [[Allunaris]]’s magic on the feline, but that it did not feel quite right. At last, [[Amalia]] revealed that in her other timeline, as [[Nizima]] killed [[Allunaris]] and [[Nerasang]], [[Amalia]] happened to capture a piece of [[Nerasang]]’s soul and bind it to [[Accala]], therefore rendering [[Accala]] at least partially [[Nerasang]], though of another timeline. [[The Dragonguard]] asked [[Ronotte]] how he could even sense this and about the magic he was using to rot away the Doomchitin. [[Ronotte]] revealed he was born very close to the site now known as [[Selina’s Blight]], just at the time of [[Allunaris]]’s return. He theorized he was possibly exposed to [[Doomrot]] at birth, cursing him with the power. He crafted a special ring over the years which diluted the [[Doomrot]] as much as he possibly could, though it would still rear its head. The ring had a sigil of a single flame.

[[Ronotte]] continued and explained he made a very similarly enchanted pair of earrings for his daughter, [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]]. The earrings were meant to dampen [[Ronotte]]’s genetics and [[Doomrot]] powers and instead amplify [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s mother’s power: the flames. When asked about [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s mother, [[Ronotte]] grew quiet and asked they broach that subject later.

In the westernmost tunnel, the group found an enormous beetle armored with a seemingly invincible Doomchitin shell. None of their weapons could pierce it, though the beetle paid them no mind as it methodically moved chunks of the festering meat to a location for the worker ants to ferry deeper inward. The group decided to return to this tunnel later.

At the northern tunnel, [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Ronotte]] came across overgrown tapeworms coursing with [[Doom magic]], one even infecting the corpse of a brown bear. Globules of a pus-like fluid sat in this chamber, worker ants sinking their pincers into the globules, extracting some of the fluid until their bodies were bloated, then delving deeper into the hive. [[The Dragonguard]] destroyed the tapeworm creatures with the help of [[Ronotte]], take a sample of their eggs along with them. As they discussed the possibility of tampering with the various food stores to harm the gluttony demon and the other insects, [[Vespello]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]] egg cracked… 