[[The Dragonguard]] continued fighting through [[Zair]]’s strange visions. They solved [[Amalia]]’s by having her dispel the souls of the liquefied humanoids, [[Aksell]]’s by having [[Aksell]] flee the [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] manor before his friends, [[Akalar]]’s by having [[Akalar]] unarmed hit the strangely more muscular apparition of himself, and [[Vespello]]’s by having him light defeated [[ebonyborn]] candles with his black flame he carries. Once all of [[Zair]]’s illusions had faded, [[the Dragonguard]] eventually bested this corrupted version of her in combat. The entire [[Doomrot]] realm holding [[Locations/Matar/Mythos/index|Mythos]] in place began to dispel, and the city’s remnants were returned to the [[Mythical Forest]].

The real [[Zair]] was freed from the [[Anchors|Doom Anchor]]’s contraption, and through her tattered black leathers, the party spotted a faded, non-glowing [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] tattoo on her shoulder blades. Through speaking with her, they learned that she was in fact a member of the Ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]], and the true wielder of darkness. She claimed the “Tenebrous” they knew was merely an imposter that took up the mantle later. They also learned that the shadowy magma below [[Amanta]] was a source of reserve magic that [[Zair]] could call upon, a “domain” that she claimed most of the others had as well. [[Zair]] said she was a planted member of [[the Dragonguard]], still acting in [[Nizima]]’s name, but that Undine eventually saw through her illusory [[Nizima]] magic hiding her identity. The two clashed on the shores of [[Locations/Matar/Piscis/index|Piscis]], leaving [[Zair]]’s [[Dragons|dragon]] companion Lupatrice dead and Undine defeated. [[Zair]] said she was so close to reaching a similar power as [[Founders|the Founders]] themselves, the closest a descendant had ever come, but everything changed when she met [[Selina]] around 25 BD, nearly 85 years ago. 

Zair [[Nizima]] swore to the party that she *longed* for a way to free herself of [[Nizima]]’s magic, to renounce her bloodline. Despite that, she offered a solution for the [[Anchors|Doom Anchor]] still afflicting her. She could “rulebreak” the [[Anchors|Anchor]] out of existence with her [[Founders|Founder]] magic, but she needed a blood offering from one touched by [[Flourish|Grace]] magic. [[The Dragonguard]] weighed the options, but with [[Duma Van]]’s urging to destroy the outstanding [[Anchors|Anchor]] from his own journey, they agreed to offer a sample to destroy the [[Anchors|Anchor]]. [[Amalia]] offered blood for the spell, and [[Zair]] destroyed the chain with which her brother had infected her. Before vanishing in black mist, she told the group she cared little about their war, that [[Nizima]] could have her useless brother, and that she needed to assist her own [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] elsewhere…

[[The Dragonguard]] met the aging councilor of [[Locations/Matar/Mythos/index|Mythos]], [[Hasan Li]], who had been captive since [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]] in his suspended city. Li thanked [[the Dragonguard]] profusely, saying he could never repay the debt, and [[Duma Van]] escorted him elsewhere to catch him up on current events.

Diluvia and Elle flew down with the companions that assisted [[the Dragonguard]] in the [[Mythical Forest]]. Once [[the Dragonguard]] were reunited with Diluvia, [[Aura]], [[Ronotte]], [[Duma Van]], Elle, [[Guan Yi]], and the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], the party set off toward a new set of wavering purple and white lights that drifted toward the source of [[Doom magic]] in the Doomed Swamp…

