[[Celeste|Aurora]] ultimately decided not to shatter her chain, even after sensing a strange magical presence enter it. The group said their farewells to [[Vinio]] and made their way toward the last chain still holding the apparatus in the town square up.

They arrived at what looked to be a training arena for magic wielders and animal handling. Most of the buildings were ruined, and the riding arena was disintegrating. In front of the rubble of the main building of the Hall of the Pegasus was a beheaded [[minotaur]] encased in an arcane crystal. He burned perpetually in a blue fire, a [[Doomrot]] chain tied to his back as well. The group surmised that this was likely the archmage whose head [[Calathan]] had claimed. They decided to move past the [[minotaur]], knowing he was already dead, toward the arena that held the chain.

The arena was protected by several arcane towers meant to be obstacles for training mages. Two Doomrotted minotaurs also patrolled the field. [[The Dragonguard]] braved the collapsing arena, destroying the towers and minotaurs along the way. Once the farthest tower crumbled, the last chain piece broke free, lowering the apparatus in the town center. A silver, misty dome materialized around it. 

[[Amalia]] generated her own chain of [[Flourish|Grace]], shattering her [[Doomrot]] chain with it. She saw a vision of [[Sariel]]’s funeral in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]], [[Selina]] standing in attendance, alone. Just as [[Selina]] looked as though the loneliness would overcome her, [[Amalia]] herself appeared in the vision, offering her shoulder to [[Selina]]. [[Celeste|Aurora]] also decided to shatter her chain, sensing a presence in need of help. [[Celeste|Aurora]] kept her vision to herself, though she mentioned the Corrector and that “she’s alive”. Clearly not able to speak on the issue at the time, the group helped [[Celeste|Aurora]] on to the silver mist before the realm collapsed.

 The group stepped through the mist, finding two figures within. One was the darkly cloaked one chained to the apparatus, whose face the group recognized as [[Zair]], the lost assassin from the time of [[Scarlet]]. In front of her stood a figure in dark leather armor and skirts of silver chainmail, long black hair flowing past her shoulders. The figure turned to reveal that she was also [[Zair]], though her right arm bore the silver-eyed [[Dragons|dragon]] tattoo of [[Nizima]], and her hand glowed with [[Doomrot|Doomrot magic]]. 

She introduced herself as [[Zair]] [[Nizima]], much arrogance and disdain in her voice. She spoke of her “softer half”, the one chained to the apparatus, and how she ruined hers and [[Nizima]]’s plans so many years ago. She claimed she was ready to put [[Nizima]]’s plans into motion around 25 BD, but [[Zair]] “grew a heart” when she met [[Selina]] in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. 

[[Zair]] [[Nizima]] spoke of her family, explaining she was the second child of [[Nizima]]. She called [[Calathan]] pathetic and failure, saying she nearly killed him just recently. Her brother had been sent on a mission to defeat a member of the Ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]], a task he could not complete, but [[Zair]] revealed that she had. [[Calathan]] apparently had also tried to seal away [[Zair]] using the [[Anchors|Doom Anchor]] but had unintentionally granted [[Zair]] even further power. She claimed [[Nizima]] would be proud for achieving what even he could not. 

When asked what the point of even conquering [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] was, [[Zair]] explained that there was more than meets the eye with the [[Nizima]] family plan, but that [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] was merely “in the way”. 

To unsettle the team further, [[Zair]] told [[Celeste|Aurora]] she could sense another pair of eyes watching her from beyond. She also told [[Amalia]] that her father could send her back to her own timeline with just a bit of blood from [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]. With [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s movement abilities joined with [[Nizima]]’s power of “sight”, he could send her back if she wished. While listening, [[Amalia]] hatched another idea along the same line, however… 

As [[Zair]] drew her blades, the group spoke of destroying her entirely, but [[Duma Van]] sternly urged [[the Dragonguard]] to not be too hasty, that they could still be saved. The group agreed to focus on the “evil” version of [[Zair]] only. [[Zair]] assured the group that she had claimed countless lives across the years for her father, and they would not be the last.

As they battled the dexterous assassin, they found she could not only manipulate sight and perception but could also wield the darkness quite well. After a few strikes, she would warp the battlefield to a strangely manipulated vision from a [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] member’s life. First, they were in [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]], but the invaders were afflicted by Doomchitin instead. [[Avus]] stood in this nightmare-realm, struggling to subdue a wriggling bundle. [[Celeste|Aurora]] made her way straight to [[Avus]] and grabbed the bundle herself, breaking the entire vision. 

Next, [[Zair]] conjured a battlefield from [[Amalia]]. They stood in a tower’s spiraling staircase as silver fire rained outside. Melted silver blobs in the shape of [[humans]] chased after them… 