[[The Dragonguard]] successfully saved nine of the civilian minotaurs, then vanquished the enchanted basilisk spiraling through the watchtower remains. Once the basilisk was destroyed, the gargantuan chain connected to the central apparatus in town released, loosening the pulley. [[Aksell]] and [[Vespello]] found a chain formed by [[Flourish|Grace]] magic wrap around their [[Doomrot]] chains afflicting them. When pulled, the chains of [[Flourish|Grace]] would shatter their [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] chains, giving them a brief vision with unclear intentions. [[Vespello]] saw himself and a cloaked ally venturing into [[Allunaris]]’s castle with glowing satchels, hope on their faces. [[Aksell]] saw flashes of a manor’s hallway as he fled, flashes of blue magic striking out, turning his friends into various objects. After [[Aksell]]’s vision, the maggot the Archmage of [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]] had hexed him with transformed into his former ally, Percy, the protective bulwark of his old footpad group. Percy told [[Aksell]] that the Archmage they had been tasked to steal from had turned him and his other companions into strange objects to fill his manor. After catching Percy up on current events, the group began to theorize that perhaps the Archmage himself was allied with the blood sirens and the Magerony, since his city silently went under siege. 

After [[Duma Van]] tended to the unconscious civilians with the help of his spectral dirk, the group continued on to another chain at the Griffon Hall.

The Griffon Hall appeared to have once been a mead hall and inn of sorts, though it was dilapidated and boarded up. In the courtyard dining area, the group found bodies of both Doomrotted minotaurs and [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] of the original sect. Both sets of bodies were brutally killed, though it appeared a third party had killed them. Upon peering through the half-broken set of doors, the group spied their former companion [[Vinio]], fueled by revenge, facing off against [[Doomqueen Loyalists]]. 

Several of [[the Dragonguard]] rushed in to assist [[Vinio]], finding the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] being thrown into this gauntlet by a commander of sorts named [[Borum]]. [[Duma Van]] whispered to the group that the figure was one that plagued his own adventure, though they had dispatched him twice already, or so they thought. [[Borum]] sat on a throne of body parts from minotaurs, while also wearing trophies from assumed victims. He was intensely corrupted by [[Doomrot]]. He urged [[the Dragonguard]] to join the fray, seemingly finding enjoyment from the bloodshed as he tapped his [[Doomrot]] crystalline halberd. 

[[Vinio]] screamed at [[the Dragonguard]] to only join him if they intended to slay the fiends, for [[Borum]] was the man who had perpetrated the attack on his home city. [[The Dragonguard]] agreed and battle ensued. Though [[Borum]]’s halberd was mighty, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious. 

[[Vinio]] leapt at the opportunity to claim revenge. He stood over [[Borum]], dagger in hand, as members of [[the Dragonguard]] either urged him to lay down his dagger or to claim his revenge. Eventually, seeing that something within [[Borum]] seemed to *want* to be killed, [[Vinio]] released his dagger and stepped away. [[Borum]] laughed until his flesh finally melted off from [[Doomrot]], and only a [[Doomrot|Doomrot crystal]] skull was left behind. [[Vinio]] generated his own chain of [[Flourish|Grace]], shattered his own, and offered to help ferry any survivors [[the Dragonguard]] found out of the city.

After the group settled things with [[Vinio]] and tended to their wounds, [[Akalar]] and [[Celeste|Aurora]] generated chains of [[Flourish|Grace]], as well. [[Akalar]] used his to free himself of the [[Doomrot]] chain, seeing a vision of a farmstead near [[Locations/Matar/Inferna/index|Inferna]]. He saw his daughter and her child living day to day, at a quick pace. Eventually, black sails bearing a blooddrop insignia appeared on the nearby coast. Blood sirens invaded the farmstead, using it as a sort of checkpoint for their invasion. A woman’s voice echoed in [[Akalar]]’s mind, “you must face the truth…”. After some discussion, [[the Dragonguard]] were still unclear what state of time these visions may have been, if they even were all the same, but the general consensus was that the blood sirens would likely be their next target in the war effort. 

[[Celeste|Aurora]] hesitated on breaking her own chain… 