They found [[Duma Van|councilor Duma Van]] scouting what appeared to be a normal section of the [[Mythical Forest]]. He revealed to them that the woods they now scouted was where the city itself once stood. With the help of the magic users, [[the Dragonguard]] led the way toward a source of Mageron magic. As they neared the source, [[Duma Van]] seemed to sense something else that unsettled him. Convincing as they were, [[the Dragonguard]] managed to get the former hero to reveal he could sense the magic of a [[Anchors|Doom Anchor]], an enchanted relic that [[Saren]] used in [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]] to corrupt people into [[Candidates|Doomlords]]. 

Eventually, the group was able to reveal a magical barrier of seven faces concealing the source of the magics. Each wall had a glowing silver [[Dragons|dragon]] with two pairs of eyes, one atop, one below. As they tested the behavior of the enchanted barrier, they would see visions of both [[Calathan]] and [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], in the top and bottom pairs respectively. [[The Dragonguard]] discovered if they all gazed into the top pair simultaneously, the barrier broke, revealing what was hidden within. 

They found a portal radiating [[Doomrot]] in the forest floor, a dark chain emanating the same magic pinned to the ground beside it. Performing some kind of ritual near the portal was [[Calathan]] himself. He had lacerations in his armor and the head of a [[minotaur]] on his belt. He spoke of having everything he needed and that he would not be overshadowed again. [[Calathan]] claimed he would “earn his name”. He urged [[the Dragonguard]] to delve within the portal, for he believed a friend of theirs awaited within. With that, he stepped back and disappeared into silver mist. 

When the group descended down the chain, they entered a realm of [[Doom magic]] itself. They found a city shattered in pieces, all on pieces of land that seemed to float in the plane. Each land shard was suspended by an overgrown chain of [[Doomrot|Doomrot magic]]. On the main piece of land, where the largest piece of remaining city sat, three large chains anchored to three different buildings. All three seemed to form a pulley system to a central fixture high above the former city square. [[The Dragonguard]] could see a person suspended there, possibly the one being corrupted by the [[Anchors|Anchor]]. 

Also, upon their arrival, each member of [[the Dragonguard]] was afflicted by a chain, draining some of their strength. Each chain seemed to tug at the various internal struggles each [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] faced. [[Duma Van]] obtained a chain as well, though his was attached to the spectral dirk he carried, rather than to his back. 

After speaking to a merchant afflicted by similar chains, who seemed to not understand where he was, the group continued toward a watchtower, the first of the sites keeping the unknown figure suspended. Along the way, they spotted evidence of minotaurs killed by [[Doomrot]] chains, or even others that seemed to turn to cannibalism to survive. 

The watchtower was called Basilisk Tower and had an oversized stone snake spiraling through what remained of the tower. They saw ten [[minotaur]] civilians all chained to the tower, all being sapped of their strength. Three Doomrotted Minotaurs sat in crumbled alcoves along the tower’s length. [[The Dragonguard]] readied themselves to climb the tower, and the basilisk spiraling through the ruins came alive. [[The Dragonguard]] fought a perilous battle as they climbed, fighting Doomrotted minotaurs and an enchanted basilisk, all while doing their best to save the innocent minotaurs chained to the tower… 

