[[The Dragonguard]] and their company came upon a strange cabin with billowing purple smoke rising from the chimney. A small retinue of [[goblin|goblins]] in fine, silvery armor were caretaking the cabin. After being ushered in by one, they met a strange witch named Inunda. She worked on odd spell formulas and spoke of [[Calathan]] visiting her. Inunda also mentioned an unknown figure she called the “Shepherd”. Eventually, some of [[the Dragonguard]] saw through a strange illusion over the area, revealing that both Inunda and the [[goblin|goblins]] were completely afflicted by Doomchitin and its insects. Inunda found their reaction rude, and battle broke out.

[[The Dragonguard]] slew Inunda and her afflicted [[goblin|goblins]], but they left the alchemical [[goblin]] alive, for he did not partake in the battle. He said his name was Eighth Shape and that he helped Inunda with alchemy. The group discovered that the [[goblin|goblins]] had been bound to Inunda using her wand, which they then gifted to Eighth Shape, granting him his freedom and the cabin. Eighth Shape briefly mentioned that Inunda was ushering them down a path of perfection, but that a lot of it was over his head. He mentioned that they were not complete, and that a strange, silent figure of Doomchitin lurked farther into the swamp. They also found spell formulas that [[Calathan]] had left notes on, writing about the binding effects but possible side effects on the caster. The formula that caught their eye, however, was one that emitted [[Doom magic]], but did not belong to either [[Doomrot]] or Doomchitin. Disturbed, but ready to move on toward their destination, [[the Dragonguard]] left the cabin toward this alleged “font” of [[Doom magic]].

The party came to a cluster of trees that had blooms of purple chitinous material. A tornado-shaped vortex of [[Doom magic]] loomed over the cluster. A [[Dragons|dragon]]-like centipede creature that was nearly 100 feet in length poked its head out of the treeline and roared. The odd, clicking creatures they faced in the Lunare also lurked within the trees. The creatures seemed to be ushering them inward, forming a sort of funnel shape. The group delved within.

At the central clearing, the clickers, dracopedes, [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], and four more notable figures all gathered. It was a sizable army already, just those that were visible. The vortex of [[Doom magic]] funneled into a larger portal, the entire column spewing out the corrupting and chitinizing magic. A woman clad in Doomchitin armor hopped off one of the dracopedes, stepping briefly between three figures: The Corrector, a humanoid clad in unbreakable Doomchitin armor, and a long-corrupted individual covered in wriggling insects. When the woman stepped between them, the three-pointed star on her breastplate glowed, creating a similar effect to her three lieutenants. The woman doffed her helm, revealing herself to be the twin sister of [[Celeste|Aurora]], though chitinous shell began to dot her cheeks and her eyes had turned glittering purple. Though, she greeted [[the Dragonguard]] member called [[Celeste|Aurora]] as “[[Celeste]]”. [[Celeste|Aurora]] hadn’t really been [[Aurora]] at all. She had taken up her presumed-dead sister’s name to live on her legacy. [[Celeste]], not [[Aurora]], bore [[the Dragonguard]] tattoo.

[[Celeste]] was flabbergasted, as was [[the Dragonguard]] at having learned their teammate’s true identity. The group spoke at length of how [[Aurora]] survived. She claimed just before the [[Doomrot]] minions of [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom Crisis]] struck her down, The Corrector saved her, whisking her away to the Realm of [[Doom Magic|Doom]] to “purify” her blood. She explained the ivoryborn blood they had in their veins was a “path” that should never have been tread. 

[[Aurora]] spoke of her time growing up in the Realm of [[Doom Magic|Doom]], learning to wield the magic by The Corrector and an unfathomable being of sorts. [[Aurora]] struggled to explain the true essence of this being, for it was not a god in the traditional sense as Matarans saw them. It was not a man sitting in a chair, but she claimed words could not do the being justice. She explained that [[Doomrot]] was another path, yes, but one of punishment. Doomchitin would be the path all life should strive to take. [[Aurora]] was here to push [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] further down that path, for why should they be enemies when [[Founders|Founder]] magic was to be punished and remedied? [[Aurora]] claimed she only allied with [[Nizima]] and [[Calathan]] to get the means to storm [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]. She claimed [[Nizima]]’s punishment was inevitable. 

When asked about the true nature of [[Doom magic]], [[Aurora]] did not have all the answers, but she had a few. She explained [[Doom Magic|Doom]] like another universal element. When asked about other timelines they had seen that did not have [[Doom Magic|Doom]], [[Aurora]] alerted [[the Dragonguard]] that they will find those “tapestries” are no longer even accessible, but that they merely did not have [[Doom Magic|Doom]] *yet*. It was inevitable in every world that someone would always rise to the level of hubris that drew the attention of [[Doom Magic|Doom]]. It was a power that only grew attracted to worlds that proved they were ready to face it, know if its existence, or even wield it. In some cases, it was to punish those who dared to rise to godhood. 

[[Aurora]] then spoke of her personal plans, that her first objective was to save this voice calling out to her and [[Celeste]]: their ivoryborn kin, believed to be the last of his kind. She explained a past group of heroes had slain the man, or so they thought. They had, in fact, sent the ivoryborn to a plane of Greed, where he has been held prisoner for decades. [[Aurora]] intended to find him and “purify” him.

Before she departed on one of her steeds, she did seem genuine when she told [[Celeste]] she would not leave her behind like she did her. To weed out those unworthy of the chitinization, [[Celeste]] left behind a large group of clickers. She bid [[the Dragonguard]] and her sister farewell, saying she hoped they would join forces, those that survived, anyway. 

[[Celeste]] was already defeated. Emotionally, morally. She believed her sister was right in what she said, but her friends would not let her wallow in defeat. [[Ronotte]] assured her that [[Aurora]] had indeed been shattered by [[Doom Magic|Doom]], but that he knew they could still put the pieces back, together. With [[Ronotte]]’s urging and solemn oath he would help her and her sister, along with the words of encouragement from her team, [[Celeste]] grabbed her weapons and rose, for the first time, as [[Celeste]]…