[[Mirina]] whispered to [[Arturo]] on the side, some sort of offer, but neither figure shared the details. After trading more items with [[the Dragonguard]], a green-gold rift opened in the distance just above the councilor’s tower. [[Mirina]] teleported [[the Dragonguard]], [[Ronotte]], and [[Duma Van]] to the shore as one last assist before she herself, alongside her new vessel, vanished entirely. 

On the shoreline, [[Duma Van]]’s dirk glowed blue and materialized the specter of a female mage wearing Crownguard armor. She berated [[Ronotte]] for his use of [[Doom magic]], warning of the dangers and how it ruined her own husband, and nearly the world. [[Duma Van]] revealed that the specter was one of the [[The Rectifiers|former Rectifiers]], [[Audrea]], who was a member of the Kingsguard under [[Nizima|Zin]]. She was lost in the event at [[Ancient Skies]], but returned to stop her husband [[Saren]], who had taken up the position as [[Saren|Harbinger of the Fourth Doom]]. Her last act was stabbing [[Saren]] with his own dirk, using up the last bit of [[Doom magic]] she herself used to extend her life after a lethal arrow struck her. Both died in the throne room of [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. 

With the Mageron vessels taken care of, [[Duma Van]] turned his attention to the city walls to repair them with his earth magic, while [[Ronotte]] and [[the Dragonguard]] regrouped with [[Guan Yi]] and the others to fly toward the rift. 

Dracopedes swarmed above the rift, with one in particular seemingly protecting the threshold. [[Guan Yi]] coalesced the allies other than [[Ronotte]] on Elle and flew off to engage the other dracopedes while [[the Dragonguard]] engaged the one protecting the rift. [[The Dragonguard]] cracked through the tough Doomchitin plating the dracopedes, shattering it section-by-section until the dracopedes fell defeated. With a small landing made of dracopedes carcasses on the lip of the rift, [[the Dragonguard]] landed Diluvia, then leapt into the green-gold maw with [[Ronotte]], who wished to provide Mageron assistance against the sway of demonic magic, which he claimed Matarans seemed more susceptible to. 

Inside the maw, the group landed in what appeared to be an exact copy of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]’s city streets, except the buildings and streets were gilded and treasure lined the streets. Every building had an enchanted vault door protecting the contents, while green tendrils stretched in every direction, reaching out to steal whatever they could. In the distance, they saw a gilded version of the councilor’s tower topped with a glowing, three-pointed star. 

As [[the Dragonguard]] made their way toward the tower, they found a faulty vault door that they successfully cracked into. A book containing arcane secrets fluttered out, a tendril reaching after it to steal it back, before the vault door slammed shut yet again. After dispelling greed-tendrils and cracking gem-crust off the book, [[Akalar]] volunteered to learn its secrets, finding his inner strength increased. The book flew off and the group continued to the plaza. 

 At the plaza, the group spotted the insect-afflicted Shapekeeper atop a stalk of Doomchitin fending off small, gilded gargoyles. The Shapekeeper asked [[the Dragonguard]] for assistance, stating that this realm was a “challenge” and that the creatures must be shaped. Meanwhile, the gargoyles also asked for assistance, claiming that their master, Golgoro, would offer them infinite treasures if they helped destroy the Shapekeeper and the others. [[Ronotte]] warned the group to think about the demonic creatures’ words carefully, saying that though [[Aurora]] and her lieutenants were a threat, a full-fledged Greed Demon escaping into the physical world would be unprecedented. Eventually, though they found no satisfaction in doing so, [[the Dragonguard]] agreed to help the Shapekeeper to stay in [[Aurora]]’s good graces to save her later. 

The Shapekeeper forged small orbs of Doomchitin he called “seeds”, which [[the Dragonguard]] imbued their [[Flourish|Grace]] magic into. The result was a swirling seed of gold and purple, an object the Shapekeeper called an “Equilibrium Bloom”. After the group tossed three of these into the golden chalice spewing out the gilded gargoyles, the chalice chitinized and the bubbling gold liquid solidified, giving off golden [[Flourish|Grace]] mist. No more gargoyles spewed forth. 

The Shapekeeper thanked [[the Dragonguard]], offering a boon of “reshaping”, which [[Celeste]] received. The Shapekeeper revealed that he was once an attendant of [[Allunaris]]’s, and that he was pulled into the void [[Founders|the Founders]] had cracked open when they cast the [[Drop of Creation]]. He added that this realm, and whatever power held it together, was a variable he and his allies did not predict. It was a “challenge”, and it had to be reshaped for the higher cause he served. The Shapekeeper struggled to help [[the Dragonguard]] understand this “other” he claimed to serve, saying it was not a person in a chair per se, but a universal “truth”. Removing this “challenge” from the board was a directive that he claimed superseded [[Aurora]]’s mission of saving the ivoryborn in Golgoro’s clutches. The Shapekeeper moved to begin his shaping, but offered [[the Dragonguard]] advice that The First Shaped was a man of very few words and that he would act on pure instinct. He said the warrior was extremely loyal and fond of [[Aurora]], so he would likely want [[the Dragonguard]] to prove themselves, regardless of whether they wished to help her or not. [[The Dragonguard]] thanked the Shapekeeper for the warning then continued forward toward the three-pointed star and gilded tower… 