The Starseeker known as Herschel approached [[the Dragonguard]] on the field outside [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]’s walls. He wielded a violin as his weapon, blasting radiated music notes. From the way he spoke, he seemed to still be under the presumption that he was still meant to search for [[Selina]]. [[The Dragonguard]] readied their weapons and faced down Herschel and his [[Doomqueen Loyalists]]. 

Once Herschel was defeated, the morale of the Loyalists’ vanguard broke. [[The Dragonguard]] and their allies had neutralized the immediate threat against [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]’s southern gate. As Herschel began to fade, [[Selina]] approached and seemed to break her illusion for Herschel as he bled out. His eyes widened, a sense of relief at finally having found his quarry. It seemed to change something in him as he realized that perhaps [[Selina]] would have been a better monarch than [[Korrin]] not for her [[Doom magic]], but for her qualities to begin with. Regret seemed to linger over him. [[Aura]] and [[Duma Van]] spoke about the possibility of telling him [[Aurora]]’s plan of finding [[Selina]] was a lie, [[Duma Van]] speaking of trying to still see the humanity of your enemies, else you are no better than them. The group at large decided to show Herschel mercy and let him believe he completed his life’s goal. Before Herschel passed, he told the group of another presence that seemed to haunt [[Aurora]]. He claimed she would behave differently when it took over or spoke through her. That she would have more disregard for life, that perhaps that was why they were even attacking [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] in the first place. Herschel finally passed on.

With the southern wall given a moment to breathe, [[the Dragonguard]] left [[Selina]] to keep fighting alongside the Triveni and Luxenian knights and mages to regroup with [[Ronotte]] at the river. [[Ronotte]] flew back to the [[dragons]] with the help of his [[Founders|Founder]] magic, advising [[the Dragonguard]] that they should split up taking out the ships. He claimed the southernmost three ships, [[Duma Van]] offered to take out the northernmost with the help of his dirk, which left [[the Dragonguard]] with the last remaining of the five vessels. [[Ronotte]] glided down on his dark wings, and [[Duma Van]] slammed down with a protective suit of stone armor, both getting quickly to work. [[The Dragonguard]] descended toward their target ship.

The Mageron captain welcomed them, introducing himself as Vorin Pazien. He had six Magerons and Mageronesses aboard manning six magic cannons coursing with a red energy. Though the Magerons pelted [[the Dragonguard]], Elle, and Diluvia with mortars, the heroes emerged victorious, flinging the last Mageron off the vessel itself. As the battle came to a close, [[the Dragonguard]] witnesses [[Ronotte]] conjuring immense tendrils of darkness to sink his three vessels, while [[Duma Van]] methodically defeated his targets as he conjured stone onto the ship to capsize it. 

[[Mirina]] materialized on the vessel, asking [[the Dragonguard]] if she could requisition the vessel. They bartered with her, asking for information in return. She offered information that the blood sirens were targeting a farmstead just south of [[Locations/Matar/Inferna/index|Inferna]] due to its strategic location, and information that these five Mageron ships likely made it past [[Haven]] due to their ability to fly. [[The Dragonguard]] did their usual business with [[Mirina]] and turned the ship over to her. Before making any changes, she did let [[the Dragonguard]] know that the cannons had an entire wrath demon contained within each. She enchanted the sails to lose their silver [[Founders|Founder]] sigil to gain a pink question mark…