While the group waited for the ivoryborn to melt out of Golgoro’s gilded spell, [[Aurora]] offered to share what she knew about [[Calathan]], now that her reason for partnering with him was complete. She revealed that she mostly worked with [[Calathan]], that [[Nizima]] seems to be in hiding completing his own goals, and that she thinks the conquest of [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] is a secondary objective. [[Aurora]] thought that [[Calathan]] and [[Nizima]] chose their allies for a specific purpose, and that [[Calathan]] seemed especially interested in draconic creatures and magic when dealing with her. 

[[Aurora]] also asked [[Celeste]] if her sister thought she was a monster, to which [[Celeste]] resolutely said no. In return, [[Aurora]] said the same to her. The two were finally able to begin the process of fixing what they had lost and shared a meaningful handshake to rekindle their sisterhood. 

Finally, the ivoryborn broke out of Golgoro’s spell. He had a pale complexion, not unlike [[Aurora]] and [[Celeste]], sunset-colored eyes, and what appeared to be [[Doom magic]] cracking through his skin at his temples. He introduced himself as [[Antar|Antar Hallmark]] and thanked [[the Dragonguard]] for freeing him. He revealed that he was part of a species known as [[Morning Fae]], the third kingdom on the crescent-shaped isle the Magerony now claimed. [[Antar]] recounted what happened to the three kingdoms. His was the first target of [[Allunaris]], and he added that the [[Morning Fae]]’s charismatic and healing magic was no match for [[Allunaris]]’s newly created familiar [[Nerasang]]. [[Antar]] said that once his kingdom had been defeated by [[Allunaris]] and the Magerony, [[Allunaris]] used one of three shards of magic he wanted to test. These shards were branches of [[Doom magic]]. The one he experimented on the [[Morning Fae]] with was that of Doomshatter. [[Antar]] revealed that Doomshatter took well to the magic of the [[Morning Fae]], but that [[Allunaris]] did not seem to be able to cohesively wield that branch of [[Doom magic]]. Nonetheless, [[Allunaris]] had a fresh force of [[Doom Magic|Doom-corrupted]] allies, many of which [[Antar]] said joined willingly after tasting the powers of the mind Doomshatter granted them, himself being one. 

[[Antar]] recounted that when [[Allunaris]] turned his attention south to the [[Night Fae]], and he saw his corrupted kin inflicting the same horrors they had suffered on the [[Night Fae]], he snapped. [[Antar]] fled and exiled himself for ages, only venturing toward outskirt settlements to trade for necessities. He only ventured back to [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]] when he sensed the corrupted [[Night Fae]], known as [[ebonyborn]], using their corrupted powers again. He sought out one figure that wanted to wield these relics and powers, [[Thalend]], to confront him, but he was thwarted by allies of [[Thalend]] and sent to this realm by a strange potion [[Thalend]] had prepared. 

[[The Dragonguard]] asked [[Antar]] if he could use his powers to look into [[Akalar]]’s shattered mind. [[Antar]] warned them that he wouldn’t be able to learn every detail but should at least be able to find the cause of his state. Once he tapped into [[Akalar]]’s mind, [[Antar]] discovered that [[Akalar]] had sealed away his memories and mind himself. No magic or other people were at fault. [[Antar]] added that when his people saw cases like these, to unravel the truth, they usually had to face whatever it was that caused the sealing away, sometimes a place or person could trigger it.

Next, [[Antar]] was asked to peer into [[Aurora]]’s mind when she began to complain of a headache and seemed confused about her own goals. After a moment, [[Antar]] reeled back in shock; another presence was in [[Aurora]]’s mind. Almost as if in response, [[Aurora]] began to levitate and seemed to exude every branch of [[Doom magic]] simultaneously. [[The Dragonguard]]’s heads pounded, their flesh began to get torn away by [[Doomrot]], and the floor of the chamber began to chitinize. A repelling blast of magic began to push back [[the Dragonguard]] and their allies as [[Aurora]] was taken over by this presence. 

[[Ronotte]] called out through the winds that this was their chance to cast the spell, though [[Antar]] adamantly disagreed. He likened [[Ronotte]]’s idea to ripping off the tentacles from [[Aurora]]’s mind abruptly, which would leave her a husk. [[Antar]] offered another way, to “shatter” [[Aurora]]’s mind. It would put her in a comatose state, but it would break the avenue being used by this other presence to reach her mind. [[Antar]] assured [[Celeste]] that she would remain herself and that she could be reawakened with the help of an uncorrupted [[Morning Fae]] by the name of Lucien. With a sound plan offered, [[Celeste]] was satisfied enough to help [[Antar]] cast the spell to shatter [[Aurora]]’s mind. Once that avenue was shattered, [[Aurora]] fell to the ground and the Greed Realm they found themselves in began to collapse.

The group was returned to the councilor’s tower, to a ransacked alchemical laboratory. The councilor [[Donnell]] cowered behind an overturned desk while [[the Dragonguard]] and the others gathered their bearings. [[Antar]] was already bracing a comatose [[Aurora]] with healing braces of light, and she was indeed alive. [[Antar]] and [[Ronotte]] both confirmed the other [[Doom Magic|Doom]] presence was gone, and that [[Aurora]] would return to being herself, perhaps more herself than she has been in some time, once Lucien was found. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] materialized using her [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] magic, with the help of fresh blood samples, it seemed. She explained she felt [[Ronotte]]’s power surge and came to assist, but it appeared that [[the Dragonguard]] had taken care of everything already. [[The Dragonguard]] caught [[Antar]] up on the state of the world and who the foes and friends were. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] offered her assistance to get [[Antar]] to the [[Scarlet Temple]] safely, and [[Antar]] swore upon his life to [[Celeste]] he would defend [[Aurora]]’s more than his own, if it came down to it. He would get [[Aurora]] into a safe place, then he would begin seeking out Lucien. [[Antar]] told [[Celeste]] he would reach out when he knew more. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] whisked herself, [[Antar]], and [[Aurora]] to the [[Scarlet Temple]] once [[Celeste]] had said her goodbyes. 

[[Ronotte]] then discussed with [[the Dragonguard]] having [[Donnell]]’s research based on [[Thalend]]’s demonic potion recipes seized by the crown so there was oversight to prevent this danger from happening again. They agreed with the idea, so [[Ronotte]] advised [[Donnell]] of what was happening then remained in the laboratory to ensure there were no further risks. 

Outside, the battle for [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] had ended. Elle and [[Guan Yi]] opted to patrol the west and tend to the [[Mythical Forest]], but they would both return to [[the Dragonguard]]’s side when [[Calathan]] or [[Nizima]] showed themselves. [[Aura]] decided to stay in [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] to help the wounded, eventually joining the others at the [[Scarlet Temple]] with a ride from Elle. The [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] ventured south to [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]] to mop up any remnants of [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] and shore up defenses at [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. She assured [[the Dragonguard]] the “item” she borrowed would be returned soon. [[Duma Van]] remained in [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] to patch up the damaged walls before returning to [[Locations/Matar/Minos/index|Minos]] to regroup his minotaurs for the larger threat. Diluvia decided to head toward the seas near [[Locations/Matar/Piscis/index|Piscis]] to gather more clues about Undine’s whereabouts, [[the Dragonguard]] letting them know that Tenebrous may be a potential ally as opposed to an enemy like she was in her [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]]’s time. Once everyone had settled, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] returned to catch up [[the Dragonguard]] on activities in the east. 

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] told [[the Dragonguard]] that the [[Characters/Multi-Campaign Characters/Founders/Aladoro|Aladoro]] Court had set up shop in [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]] to assist against the [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]]. [[Sovier]], [[Lhant]], and [[Corvus]] were working on three separate mission plans, while [[Paola]] helped keep the city’s defenders well-rested. [[Wren]], on the other hand, had dedicated her time to a spell to destroy [[Nicoletta]]’s phylacteries. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] herself had been hard at work trying to crack the secrets of her brother’s journal [[the Dragonguard]] recovered from [[Korrin]]’s labs underneath [[Locations/Matar/Luxen/index|Luxen]]. Once they were briefly caught up, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] teleported the group to [[Dieter]]’s palace in [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]].

The five members of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s inner circle greeted [[the Dragonguard]], happy to see them alive and well. Each one briefly mentioned what they had been up to: [[Sovier]] had struggled with [[Lambert]]’s death but eventually found the strength to scout the [[blood-siren]] fleet, [[Lhant]] had organized a secret mission and was drafting a plan to retake [[Locations/Matar/Tenso/index|Tenso]], [[Paola]] had been running support for the knights and mages of [[Locations/Matar/Naviga/index|Naviga]], [[Wren]] had been studying phylacteries, and [[Corvus]] had discovered a stealth team of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] trying to destabilize the south, using a farmstead as their base of operations. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] stopped the reunion from turning into a war meeting, telling [[the Dragonguard]] to accompany her to the fountain plaza in the city proper. 

On the way, [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] explained [[Lhant]]’s secret mission, [[Operation Sunrise]]. A select team of capable agents was gathered in secret from [[Dieter]]’s circle, which they feared had been infiltrated by one of [[Nicoletta]]’s thralls, with [[Cassian]] at the lead. They ventured to [[Atrae]] to destroy their sun-blot spell. It was unclear if they still lived. 

The conversation was broken short as they neared the fountain plaza, which had been decorated with golden banners and the sigil of [[the Dragonguard]]. A crowd of Navigans and other friends of [[the Dragonguard]] had gathered to celebrate their return. Even [[Mirina]] had joined the festivities. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] brought over [[Vellir]], the master smith the group met at the [[Festival of the White Flame]], who taught them how to work with the strongest and rarest materials in [[Locations/Matar/index|Matar]]. 

As the party went on, however, [[the Dragonguard]] could tell something was off. The party was near exactly how [[Alicia]] had described her dream from the sloth demon near Veterina, though [[Alicia]] made almost no comment on the gathering. She didn’t even speak to [[Mirina]]. The party pressed [[Alicia]] on what was the matter, finding her responses to not be like [[Alicia]] quite at all. Eventually, the creature posing as [[Alicia]] grew angered, realizing the ruse was up. It shapeshifted into a silver-scaled [[dragonborn]] bearing regalia with Niziman iconography. They introduced themselves as Modifica, a shapechanger that had been enhanced by [[Nizima]]’s magic. [[Alicia]] had been swapped during their time at [[Cento]]’s cabin in the Dragonhunt Pass, where [[Korrin]]’s crown’s effect made everything not quite as it seemed. When asked what they intended to do with her, or where she was, Modifica only answered that a member of [[the Dragonguard]] was needed for [[Calathan]]’s plan, and that they appreciate [[the Dragonguard]] for their contribution. With their friend in danger, [[the Dragonguard]] drew their weapons and fired spells. Only [[Aksell]] managed to draw blood from the creature before they used a small drop of [[Nizima]]’s blood in their medallion to reappear somewhere else entirely and flee. The shapechanger left behind a medallion with a drop of [[Nizima]]’s blood and a well filled with some of [[Alicia]]’s paint.

[[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] said there was no time to lose, that they must quicken the hunting of each of [[Nizima]]’s and [[Calathan]]’s lieutenants to gather more information on their whereabouts and machinations. The group rested at [[Dieter]]’s palace, then reconvened in the war room in [[Dieter]]’s palace the following morning.

Each member of [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]]’s inner circle reiterated their point of interest, with [[Wren]] adding that she would accompany them on each mission to help destroy [[Nicoletta]]’s phylacteries. [[Morrithana Aladoro|Morrithana]] advised that with [[Nicoletta]] in [[Atrae]], they would need to cripple her forces before striking out there. [[The Dragonguard]] opted to join [[Corvus]] in neutralizing the team of [[Blood-Siren|blood-sirens]] to the south first, hoping to rescue [[Akalar]]’s family if they were in danger, as well… 

