[[The Dragonguard]] and their companions crossed over into the rotting area of the [[Mythical Forest]] known as the Doomed Swamp. Elle and Diluvia flew overhead while the others sloshed through the bog. [[Guan Yi]] lamented the rot of this section of the forest. When asked about “domains”, [[Guan Yi]] picked up that they had learned this information recently, so the party revealed they had met “Tenebrous”, hoping to keep [[Selina]] clear of mind. [[Guan Yi]] did not reveal that Tenebrous was in fact [[Zair]], but he did explain that the entirety of the [[Mythical Forest]] was once his domain, a source of magic he could draw upon. He explained that the Ancient [[The Dragonguard|Dragonguard]] wielded immense magic, to a point where their bodies could not store the arcane energy, so it had to be stored in reserves. 

Not too far into the Swamp, [[Allunaris]]’s book in [[Vespello]]’s satchel reawakened. [[Allunaris]]’s fragment forced the book into [[Vespello]]’s hand and demanded to speak to “his blood” he could sense nearby. [[Vespello]] tried to restrain the book, but it overpowered him and reached toward [[Ronotte]]. [[Ronotte]] boldly agreed to speak to his father, greeting him as such, therefore revealing his true identity to everyone present. [[Ronotte]] remained bold and refused his father’s offers to join him and finish his “training”, though [[Ronotte]] kept the voice entertained as he seemingly searched for a specific page in the book. Eventually, [[Ronotte]] found what he was searching for, ripped the page, and slammed shut the book. He returned the book but asked [[the Dragonguard]] if he could keep the page of [[Doom Magic|Doom runes]] for a spell he was creating. He did not wish to instill false hope in the group, so he remained vague, but assured them it would assist their efforts against agents of the [[Doom Magic|Doom]] should it work. The party agreed to let him keep the page, despite feeling a strange breeze in the otherwise stagnant swamp when the page was torn, as if the world itself had had a page ripped from its own primordial folds.

Just as the group finished speaking to [[Ronotte]], they spotted signs of [[goblin]] activity, though there were no sounds or signs of life anywhere nearby…