[[The Dragonguard]] continued toward the mirror of the councilor’s tower, the three-pointed star still overhead. At the foot of the tower, the group spotted The First Shaped engaged with two larger goldgoyles. He ignored most of the blows, cracking one of the creatures in two halves. One of the others tried to reach down into the molten gold blood of the first, but The First Shaped shoved it away. It then breathed two words through his helmet: “assist”, then, “duel”. [[The Dragonguard]] drew their weapons.

The group helped The First Shaped dispatch the large goldgoyles first, but then found The First Shaped’s armor nearly indestructible. They eventually tried costing their weapons in the molten gold blood of the goldgoyles, and the blows began to crack away the outer shell of the armor. Once the outer shell was depleted, [[the Dragonguard]] emerged victorious in their duel against [[Aurora]]’s second lieutenant. When he yielded, he offered his own blade to the group, then cracked off his chest plate in defeat. Without his armor, he began to disintegrate into purple mist. One end of the three-pointed star overhead went dim. [[The Dragonguard]] continued into the tower.

In the tower, treasure infrequently bounced down from above. Goldgoyle heads adorned the walls, as if they were hunting trophies. As they ascended higher, the spores of Doomchitin began to linger in the air. 

In the top chamber, the group found The Corrector and [[Aurora]] with their blades drawn against a hulking golden ogre. The ogre wore fancy golden clothes with a monocle and wielded a golden cleaver. He lamented even further burglars. Behind him stood a gilded statue of an elven-looking man surrounded by gilded tentacles.

[[Aurora]] told the group she was happy to see they survived the reckoning in the woods and hoped they would join her against this demon Golgoro. Meanwhile, Golgoro offered “infinite wealth” to [[the Dragonguard]] if they formed a pact with him. The group and especially [[Celeste]] loudly rebutted the offer, enlisting their help to [[Aurora]]. The two sides entered battle.

They found Golgoro had regenerating properties, their weapons doing very little. [[Ronotte]] and Corrector helped form an idea to turn Golgoro into a charity spirit, a myth [[Ronotte]] recounted as a possibility. The Corrector offered to open portals to “donate” the piles of treasure Golgoro had to the city of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]. He required the help of [[the Dragonguard]]’s Grave magic to open the portals, and wouldn’t be able to keep them open if Golgoro’s attention turned to him. Through strategic positioning and attacks, [[the Dragonguard]] managed to send most of his treasure spiraling into the city of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]. This enraged Golgoro and seemed to pull some sort of glowing core-heart forward.

Golgoro grabbed The Corrector, squishing the creature. The Corrector found himself unable to slice the demon’s grip off, so he called to [[Aurora]]. He told her she was ready, then seemed to call out to another voice while still looking at [[Aurora]]. He begged for his master to help them against this demon. Then as his final act, The Corrector opened one last cracking rift on top of himself and Golgoro’s heart and slammed it shut. The rift sliced The Corrector in two halves and lacerated Golgoro’s heart. Golgoro roared in pain, doubling back. [[Ronotte]] leapt forward, saying this was their chance and reached out his hand. [[The Dragonguard]] formed a chain with him as he channeled his [[Founders|Founder]] magic. With a poor rhyme to emulate [[Founders|the Founders]]’ affinity for such, he warped Golgoro into a wisp of teal flame. 

[[Celeste]] stood near [[Aurora]] as she lamented the non-regenerating Corrector. The statue of the gilded [[Elves|elf]] began to melt, freeing the man trapped within…

