[[The Dragonguard]] faced off against the faceless, clicking creatures of [[Doom Magic|Doom]], though as each one fell, the swirling vortex replaced them. During the fighting, [[the Dragonguard]] discerned that the creatures were being forged or materialized from Doomchitin and something else entirely unfamiliar. Fearing the onslaught would be relentless, [[Ronotte]] suggested asking [[Allunaris]] for help. [[Vespello]] begrudgingly opened his book. 

[[Allunaris]]’s voice spoke of concern that his “champions” would fall, and his remnant would be “shaped” itself, so he offered a spell formula that could unravel the vortex. The catch was that a member of [[the Dragonguard]] would have to cast it and commune with [[Allunaris]] to allow his soul fragment to cast it. [[Vespello]] volunteered, as he already had [[Doomrot]] coursing through his veins as a [[Doom Elf|doom-elf]], anyway. A silhouette of [[Allunaris]] appeared behind [[Vespello]] and cast the spell through him, unraveling the vortex as he promised. The remaining clickers either dispersed into the wood or shattered. [[The Dragonguard]] and their allies took a much-needed breather, though [[Vespello]] found himself afflicted by a new curse. His right eye had warped purple, and he was now empowered by [[Doomrot|Doomrot magic]]. 

Though the Doomchitin cluster of trees remained chitinized, the rest of the Doomed Swamp began to [[flourish]] again. The stagnant water began to flow, the green glow began to spread back into the vegetation. Before flying off toward [[Locations/Matar/Minos/index|Minos]] to resupply before going after [[Aurora]] and the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], [[Ronotte]] offered [[Celeste]] a spell formula. He claimed it was a spell he intended for his own use, to remove the [[Doomrot]] within his own being, but he thought that [[Aurora]] and [[Celeste]] needed it more. He claimed it could cleanse the [[Doom magic]] out of an entity, though it would be a costly spell on his part. He added that [[Aurora]] would need to not have her defenses up, which concerned [[Celeste]]. Nonetheless, the group continued to [[Locations/Matar/Minos/index|Minos]] atop Elle and Diluvia to resupply before they truly rode to war in [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]].

The party resupplied in [[Locations/Matar/Minos/index|Minos]], gathered their allies after they received intel about [[Aurora]]’s attack, and flew off eastward. It was not long before they began to see the smoke rising from buildings and figures fighting. Mages and Knights bearing the blue hawk of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] fought in the fields outside the walls, as well as atop the walls themselves. Farther south, Luxenian Mages and Knights were engaged with [[Doomqueen Loyalists]] and clickers. Drifting south, the party also spotted five Mageron vessels bearing the silver sigil of [[Founders|the Founders]]: twin [[dragons]] wrapping around a magic staff. The ships fired red mortars of magic at the city walls. Dracopedes flew overhead the city, dropping minor clickers into the streets and rooftops of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]]. 

[[Ronotte]] glided off dragonback with the help of his [[half-dragon]] features, which he quickly empowered with his [[Allunaris]] [[Founders|Founder]] magic. He summoned a shield of night to guard against the Mageron mortars for as long as he could while [[the Dragonguard]] and [[Selina]] settled near the southern gate of [[Locations/Matar/Triven/index|Triven]] to repel a vanguard led by a Starseeker. [[Aura]] had another strange outburst as her eyes glazed over in silver and gold, saying, “Without her husband’s help, her identity will be revealed.” Concerned for [[Selina]] on the battlefield, the group agreed to give the other half of [[Korrin]]’s crown to her, to allow her to keep her identity hidden. 

[[Selina]], disguised as the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], leapt off to the ground to engage the [[Doomqueen Loyalists]], while the Starseeker nearby ordered a retinue of Loyalists to attack [[the Dragonguard]] and their two [[dragons]]. [[The Dragonguard]] engaged and slew the first wave of combatants as the Starseeker approached… 

