The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]], [[Carla]], and [[Patricia]] departed the [[Drunken Frond]] suite for day three of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]], choosing to attend the Music [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. The group signed up for a contest being held by two judges being held later in the day, then ventured off toward a dancing class, where they had varying success. On the way back to the contest for their call time, the party ran into [[The Rectifiers|Former Rectifier]] [[Gale]] sharing a meal with some of her colleagues. 

[[Gale]] had the waiter pull over additional tables as she introduced the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] to the councilor of [[Haven]], [[Mira]]. She was a stern woman, her blonde hair just barely beginning to show hints of graying. Next to her was a man with long red hair and a bushy beard, [[Karth]], [[Haven]]’s head researcher and also a [[The Rectifiers|Former Rectifier]]. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] chatted with the three for a time, learning of the heist at [[Greth’s Tower]] in [[Haven]], where the posted guards remembered very little. They had necklaces with faded runes on their person, and a project of [[Mira]]’s had been stolen. [[Vespello]] gave [[Mira]] one of the strange, weighty rings they had found as well. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] learned more about their strange benefactor, being warned by [[Gale]] to stay far away from the man that offered the gifts. Finally, [[Mira]] offered [[Vespello]] a ring that seemed to have belonged to a former warlord from before [[White Hand City]] became ruins. She said it held a bit of magic and may reveal more to him. With that, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] bid farewell to [[Mira]] and her companions, heading off toward the contest. 

At the contest, those that chose to compete went through several rounds of musical performances, making it through the eliminations through votes from the crowd and the two judges, [[Vint]] and [[Revelrae]]. Before the winner was revealed, [[Vint]] and [[Revelrae]] performed a song together. [[Revelrae]] sang the lyrics while [[Vint]] played a masterful piano. When the results were called, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] emerged victorious, partially thanks to the musical guidance from [[Patricia]]. They were awarded shining tiaras as the contest came to a close. 

On their way back to the [[Drunken Frond]] as the sun began to set, [[Arturo]] was summoned to a side alley by a very aggressive, cloaked mage woman. [[Vespello]] decided to accompany [[Arturo]] at a distance. Though the party did not overhear exactly what happened in the alley, [[Arturo]] emerged with worry on his face. The group found an enchanted stone disc that would play a random [[Revelrae]] song as a gift from the Music [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]].

[[Vespello]] donned the ring [[Mira]] had given him as he drifted off to sleep, seeing a dream of the warlord with a mysterious woman inside of a stone tower overlooking the snowy forest of his last dream. The next morning, [[Carla]] seemed to recognize the ring, saying it was a long-lost heirloom of her family’s, that it belonged to Kanor, the “warlord” from [[Vespello]]’s dreams. [[Carla]] agreed to allow [[Vespello]] to hold onto the ring for the time being to see if he learned anything else from it. 

For the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]]’ final day of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] before the Grand Finale, they opted to visit the Jewelry and Glasswork [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. They were met with a brilliant display of gemstones of all shapes, sizes, and colors, as well as master craftsmen forging beautiful crafts made of glass. Before they could get very deep into the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]], a young child wearing a wizard’s hat stopped them. The child was quite arrogant with a scolding tone. He revealed that he recognized [[Aksell]], the thief that had stolen a pendant from him. He revealed that it was a gift from his friend [[Azel]], and he wished to have it back. [[Aksell]] said he no longer had it, but the child, introducing himself as the [[Archmage]] of [[Tenso]], still wanted payment. He thought for a moment, then decided to curse [[Aksell]] with a branding spell of a light blue wizard’s hat on his palm. The hex also materialized a pathetic maggot that was bound to [[Aksell]]. The child laughed, saying he hoped the maggot taught him a lesson, then vanished into the crowd. [[Aksell]] would learn that the maggot would regularly require feeding…

The group’s first stop was a class from an older man teaching them to craft glassworks of their own. Each [[The Dragonguard|Paragon]] crafted a beautiful glass piece with quite a resounding success. With their new glass charms lining their pockets, they ventured toward the next part of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. On the way to meet a spellweaver that would teach them enchantments, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] encountered [[Ronotte]], Lord of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]]. [[Ronotte]] approached the group, seemingly trying to escape the flock of fawning fans that were following him. After hearing a few of their names, he recognized them as the [[The Dragonguard]] from what he said were weekly reports of [[Calathan]]’s which he found quite boring most of the time. As they walked, [[Ronotte]] explained he would usually have a day or two to wander the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] as [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] would sleep in. He neared a stall of a tanned man selling a chromatic display of jewels he greeted as [[Bassad]]. The two spoke quietly to each other as [[Bassad]] revealed a gold-and-jewel-encrusted dagger he presented to [[Ronotte]]. [[Ronotte]] paid the man, though he tried to refuse, then dematerialized the dagger with magic that nearly resembled the night sky itself. Before he departed, he offered the purple rose on his doublet to [[Celeste|Aurora]], telling her that he saw great darkness within her, but to not let it overshadow her light. [[Carla]] was immensely jealous of the attention.

The group continued to the spellweaver, who offered to teach them a set of enchantments he weaved onto scrolls, though he seemed rather shady. He warned the group the process would be dangerous, as the spells would be testing their mettle. After some discussion, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] decided to only learn one of the enchantments as they needed to save their strength for the Grand Finale. Once the magic was bested in combat, the enchantment was successfully learned, and the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] began their trek back to the [[Drunken Frond]]. Within their suite, they found a set of gemstones for the each of them as parting gifts. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] then drifted off to sleep with their shiny new trinkets. 