The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] helped [[Akalar]] to his feet after he was blood-bound yet again. He seemed healthy otherwise, so the group decided to continue on to the uncharted island to explore. On the island, they found extremely old, destroyed outpost buildings, though they also found relatively recent shipping containers holding supplies within. The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] resupplied, then investigated the ancient buildings, finding that they had been destroyed by magic long ago. They got [[Wave]] to begin investigating while they searched deeper within the island.

Deeper in the jungle, the group came across an unnaturally serene pond. Within, at the bottom, was a light blue, crystalline prong. Though some in the party were unable to delve their hand beneath the surface of the pool, [[Vespello|Lette]] was able to. He retrieved the prong, finding that it had an extremely intense concentration of water magic. Seeing nothing else nearby beyond the coast, the group headed back to the dock.

[[Wave]] reported that she could not discern the spell that had destroyed the building, likely because it was so old and faded. When shown the prong, she seemed perturbed by the weight of magic held within, saying the object had been super concentrated with magic, and that the group should be careful with it, as it would be quite volatile. With the sun beginning to set, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] decided to wrap up the evening by fishing alongside two of the [[Naviga|Navigan]] knights.

The following morning, the entire crew set out, freshly rested. [[Wave]] alerted the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] that they had found wind magic engines below deck, and that they were strangely beneath the water, as opposed to normal wind engines that would be in the open air at the back of the ship. [[Akalar]] spectated as the mages engaged the engines, speeding them along toward [[Illeta]] on a much calmer journey.

With the speed of the [[Sanguina]]’s wind engines, the crew found themselves nearing [[Illeta]]’s shores just as the sun began to fall. The city was nestled on a beachside cliff, cut out into several layers as it ascended the cliffside. The buildings were made of a bright white stone, while every building had varying colors of rooves. Atop the cliff, at the plateau of the city, a large pillar had been raised with a bowl containing the bright white glowing fire to celebrate the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. 

The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] waited their turn in the very crowded bay, finally being boarded by a delegate wearing a white flame on his armor, asking for their tickets. After showing their tickets, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] and [[Steward Cain|Cain]] disembarked while the crew took the [[Sanguina]] out into the bay with the other ships throwing their own party. 

[[Steward Cain|Cain]] reminded the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] that their rooms were already paid for, and he led the way to the second level of the city where a lavish and expansive inn awaited them. The inn was known as the [[Drunken Frond]], and it spanned an immense section of the level. Once inside, the party saw countless finely dressed nobles, dignitaries, and others mingling with drinks in their hands. [[Steward Cain|Cain]] returned to the group with a single key, assuring them that the one room would be plenty. On their way to their room at the second floor, a young [[doom elf]] woman bumped into them, excitedly rushing above to get a look at what she called “VIPs” that would arrive soon. She had shoulder-length midnight blue hair and eyes, and strangely, she wielded a pistol on her back. 

The [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] found an immense suite prepared for them, with alcove bedrooms for each of them, provided with curtains that had enchanted privacy. [[Dieter]] had also ordered a set of [[Festival of the White Flame|festival]] clothing for each of them. As the group settled and strolled to the balcony to enjoy some drinks, they spotted a ship pulling in at the level below. The ship had red sails and the white sun of [[Luxen]]. A small crowd gathered nearby. A figure in a slender suit of golden armor emerged from below deck, wearing a scarlet red cape, a golden sword, and a golden-winged helm. The helm had wing adornments on each side, accented with white crystals. The knight disembarked and began meeting with the gathered crowd. Just then, the group spotted [[Dieter]] and [[Steward Cain|Cain]] on the public balcony below, and [[Dieter]] gestured for the group to join him. They left their suite to join the pair below.

On the public balcony, [[Dieter]] explained that the figure was known as the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]], a famous knight that traveled across the land winning various duels and tournaments. [[Dieter]] added that he also used those winnings to fund the rebuilding of [[Luxen]], and that the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] was the rumored benefactor funding the rebuild. The mysterious points being that no one knew what the Knight looked like underneath his helmet, and that the Knight always attended the [[Festival of the White Flame]], but never participated in the finale. 

As the [[Selina|Scarlet Knight]] soaked up the crowd’s attention, a smaller crowd began to gather down the street. Another knight with a spotless suit of shiny armor had emerged from an inn, gathering a small crowd for himself. [[Dieter]] and [[Steward Cain|Cain]] laughed, saying that the figure was [[Avus]], the running champion of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] finale. The two joked that they would need to be careful in the finale, that half of the spectators think [[Avus]] cheats, while half adore him. 

After the two figures ventured off down the streets, the [[doom elf]] lady reappeared, shoving between the party, excitedly pointing toward the water. She alerted those within earshot, quite loudly, that the queen’s ship was arriving. As they looked on, a ship with pure white sails emblazoned with a white flame pulled into the dock. An immense crowd gathered to gaze at the figures that would emerge. 

[[Carla]], the excitable [[doom elf]], was an uninvited announcer, serving as almost a private narrator for each figure that disembarked from [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s ship. The first notable couple to disembark was the brown-haired, brown-eyed, exceedingly built [[Cavo]], a member of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]] with his own title of First Knight. On his arm was the beautiful [[siren]] [[Amy|Amanthia]], [[The Rectifiers|former Rectifier]], showing off her blonde hair and pink gown, fanning her fan. The two met with the crowd as the next figure disembarked.

[[Talla]], the Queen’s Blade, also a member of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]], kept a stern face as she took up a spot at the end of the dock, ignoring the crowd. She had pinned up, dark red hair, green eyes, and two daggers on her back. [[Carla]] added that she still seemed bitter after losing her father and nearly being corrupted by the [[Saren|Harbinger]] during [[Fourth Doom|the Fourth Doom]]. 

[[Vint]], a towering, stern [[doom elf]] with a tattoo just poking out of the collar of his coat, emerged with the infinitely famous singer [[Revelrae]] on his arm. [[Carla]], among several members of the crowd below, began to scream their heads off at the sight of the singer. [[Vint]] released [[Revelrae]]’s arm as she met with her adoring fans, opting to wait on the dock himself. [[Carla]] was too star-struck to mention [[Vint]]’s other office within the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]]. 

Next emerged [[Aurum]], the aged son of former [[Korrin|King Korrin]], making his way down the dock on a cane, his left arm missing from the [[Battle of Luxen]]. He had his father’s old sword, now depleted of magic, on his hip. His hair way grayed, but his eyes still had their near glowing golden hue. The younger ones of the crowd seemed less interesting in this figure, but he still had his own set of fans. [[Carla]] described him as a hero of the past, wondering why he hadn’t retired yet. She said he’s lovingly referred to as the First Prince. 

[[Carla]] scoffed at the next figure, a matter-of-fact man that made a very calculated stroll to the end of the dock next to [[Talla]], also ignoring the crowd. He had brown hair that was beginning to turn silver from age, one green eye swirling with silver, though the right side of his face was marred by a burn, blanching his right eye and hair on that side. On his right arm, he had a metal contraption that almost appeared like a second set of fingers overlain his true set, likely to support him from the injury. His sword drew the eye as well, the silver pommel being decorated by a swirling [[Dragons|dragon]] twisting across it. [[Carla]] explained that she didn’t like [[Calathan]], Head of [[Matar|Mataran]] Intelligence. One, because he was [[Magerony|Mageron]], but second because she just felt “off” to her. 

While the crowd still fawned over [[Revelrae]], the penultimate member of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]] emerged: a young woman wearing pieces of armor over a dark set of clothing with long blonde hair and green eyes. She had a sword at one side but held a mug of ale in the other. Instead of staying dignified like her colleagues, she instead joined the crowd to celebrate herself. [[Carla]] explained the woman was [[Madison]], a young knight that lost her family in the Battle of [[Luxen]] that [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]] all but adopted herself. [[Carla]] said the woman could fight, but she still had her moments of rebelling against the pomp and circumstance, though she was referred to as the Princess Knight. 

The final member, the Lord of the [[Crownguard|Queensguard]], emerged last: a preening man with short dark hair, combed masterfully, without a single one out of place. He was clean-shaven, had a defined jaw, and alluring purple eyes. He wore no weapon at this side and wore beautiful dark clothing laced with the white and gold of the crown. On the right side of his doublet, he wore a purple rose. He waved to the crowd, several women (and some men, too) fawning over him. He smiled and gave a very practiced wave, drinking in the attention. [[Carla]] mentioned the rumor was that he wielded dark magic, and that he was fiercely protective of [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]], hardly ever leaving her side. She added, though, that there didn’t seem to be a spark of romance between them.

A few minutes after, [[Ronotte]] gathered the crowd’s attention, announcing that the true main attraction had arrived. From beneath the ship, [[Zola Artlatta|Queen Zola]] [[Artlatta]] emerged to adoring cheers. She wore a silver-and-white crown, with a jeweled flame adorning it, atop her flowing black gown. At her shoulders was white fur to warm her from the cool air. [[Ronotte]] took her hand to escort her down the gangplank, then took her arm to escort her to the adoring crowd. She smiled, and her blue eyes shined, though she still seemed to have that hint of sadness in her gaze, that many across [[Matar]] always noted. 

The festivities died down as [[Zola Artlatta|Zola]]’s retinue made their way into the city, and [[Carla]] retired herself, saying she hoped to see the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] at the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] proper. Before wrapping up the evening, they discussed what had happened in [[Atrae]] with [[Dieter]] and [[Steward Cain|Cain]]. [[Dieter]] explained he would have his mages look after [[Cassian]], and that he would have the [[Sanguina]] quietly sent back to [[Naviga]] during the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]]. He added that he would send out excursions daily until he found [[Leo]], as well. Once the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] was complete, he offered transport back to [[Naviga]], as well. The night came to a calm close as the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] returned to their suite.

The next day, the [[The Dragonguard|Paragons]] were awakened by [[Carla]] knocking at their door, asking if they’d spend the first day of the [[Festival of the White Flame|Festival]] together. They discussed as a group that they would visit the [[Arms and Armor Gallery]] for the first day. After ascending the towering stairwell leading to [[Illeta]]’s plateau, the group was met with a grand plaza filled with countless people, stalls, displays, and art. [[Carla]] mentioned with a mischievous grin that she had an idea of where to go first. She led the group through the plaza, coming to a large training ground surrounded by some benches. In the ring was a young man wielding a glowing, enchanted blade against an enchanted training dummy. [[Carla]] joined a short line of people that seemed to be getting turned down by the woman running a sign-up process. The woman was hesitant to allow the group to join whatever show was on display, but after testing their strength with her own magic, she ushered them into a temporary forge that had been set up.

Within the forge, the party met a [[dwarf]] with salt-and-pepper hair and a long beard braided into one long strand. He offered each person in the group a masterfully crafted weapon containing an other-worldly enchantment upon it. He warned them to be careful and ushered them toward the training ground. There, the party was split into groups and allowed to safely practice with these divine weapons the [[dwarf]] had made. Enchanted training dummies wielding weapons themselves were their combatants, and [[Akalar]], [[Aksell]], [[Vespello|Lette]], and [[Celeste|Aurora]] had the time of their lives wielding these unnaturally powerful weapons, [[Carla]] gazing on, nearly drooling waiting for her own turn to use the weapon she was allowed to borrow… 